---
{"dg-publish":true,"permalink":"/290-299-ttrpg/295-current-games/10-bubble-pop/10-03-game-notes-s1/4-chickens-and-shady-deals/","dgHomeLink":true,"dgPassFrontmatter":false,"dgShowBacklinks":true,"dgShowLocalGraph":false,"dgShowInlineTitle":true}
---


[[290-299 TTRPG/295 Current Games/10 Bubble Pop/10.03 Game Notes s1/3. Downtime|3. Downtime]] -> [[290-299 TTRPG/295 Current Games/10 Bubble Pop/10.03 Game Notes s1/5 Library Heist and Downtime Studying|5 Library Heist and Downtime Studying]]

Taylor's dogtag - V.P. (initials on it)
	Yobialso saw a key (shape thing) on a seperate chain around her neck
		MK (metaknowledge) : ( recognised it because they had stolen it in the past ? )
		 Yobi was caught going to the restricted library last time?
		 had a special item last time (no longer have it)
		 
Head to the park
Plan a bit of the heist (going to meet Taylor at lunch)
Alanis falls asleep, Nyx fails to hit, Ingram pecks them awake (-4HP)

Yelling from druid class during lunch
Giant chickens
Al used Fey Presence, got out the room, got the druid teacher to help

Met Taylor in the library (we need a classroom or space of our own, a la Community)
She couldn't remember much of the security
	Zone of Truth
Yobi, last time thought the security was lacking
	This is because it was based on individual signatures

Signatures are taken from us during the first battle in order to monitor us in school

MK? : The key on Taylor's neck provides a different signature

We can change the database (access in every teacher's room)
Nyx has 2 parents (no longer around) and lives with grandmother (Moira)
Taylor has 3 (HMWM as current)
Yobi had 3, currently 1 (though they are dead?)
HMWM was once married, but partner died at the end of the school year last year, shortly after Alanis got back. He currently has a crush on VP O'Sully

Al goes to [[290-299 TTRPG/295 Current Games/10 Bubble Pop/10.00 Wiki/People/Damien|Damien]]'s classroom (to get access to his comp but also for history)
D - pain at mention of 'team', especially at the mention of Lei (wave of guilt)
He's been going to the Ethereal Return a lot recently
D & A head off to ER bar

Nyx gets into the system (in the now empty classroom)
N - currently getting Fs. Clear school history
Yobi - getting Cs. Note : library break in, found injured, deferred for a year for treatment
Al - getting Cs. Team situation : was disbanded due to actions out of line with school regulations : unsanctioned mission. Deferred due to shady gambling / song / missing 6 months of school
Ansel - Cs and Ds. Absences from school due to 'past time hobby'. Team disbanded (all members left. One cleric hospitalised. Two dropped out. Three resits.)
Taylor - As. Deferred due to being the center of a 'sorcery incident' (the reason for the previous sorc teacher's death? Prof Ben saved them?). Past 4/5 missiong have ended with Taylor in hospital. Part of an 'unsanctioned mission with the Hustlers'
Damien - investigation in an unsanctioned mission. Beverament leave at the end of the school year (right before Al returned). Took final year exams a year early to become the teacher.

NOTE AL WRITES ON THEIR ARM : LOOK AT DAMIEN'S PHOTO LATER

Damien infodump :
Looking for Alanis. Found an underground fight club of mutants (run by non-mutants)
Hustlers went : Kelly and [[290-299 TTRPG/295 Current Games/10 Bubble Pop/10.00 Wiki/People/Lei|Lei]] went missing. Landon took Zane and got out of there. 
They called Charles Stiegan and Ibram Baxter (previous warlock and sorc teachers)
Kelly was dead. Lei magic shackled. Individual wearing a hood was attacking the group w/ Lei (because she was shackled)
Charles was greviously hurt.
The clerics took the shackle off Lei without looking so now she's in a coma ( the issue is with the wrong magic type ??? )
	Lei's mutation : misty step / teleportation
Landon had his hands hurt. He started gambling, got killed in a bar brawl by the owner of the Scorpion Bar.
Zanax was sad because he had lost his team. 
Damien sad because he had lost ???
D - kept the roses on his outfit & sword

Ansel doesn't like the ERB (ethereal return bar) - knows people there?
All 5 (?) are around the bar
	leading people to the back ???
	
Ansel was given a note by the shady five : 'we're dont waiting for what you owe us. You have 24 hours or we will take action' & photos of their house + blacksmith
Owes a lot of money to those 5 (around 1.5k each, 9.328 total)
In debt, using the money for a circus thing???

Started gambling to earn the money for Ansel
Blackjack, then poker. 

MK : Ansel finds the bad group.
	"Do you know Luke von Eiravael"
	( related to the circus name? )
	can (possibly) offer safe transport to the other Bubble cities
	can provide weapons?
MK : head of the 5 is Balacour Keenstriker (Mr K)
	& Seph Bringhammer / Zaphael Renzium / Lershom ? Dustiel / Z ???

Gave them the money, exchanged business cards, left.