---
{"dg-publish":true,"permalink":"/TTRPG/Solo/Journal of Rue Softsond/Koriko - The Year in Innes-on-High/02. Arrival/"}
---


> [!quote] [[TTRPG/Solo/Journal of Rue Softsond/Koriko - The Year in Innes-on-High/01. Departure\|01. Departure]] < [[TTRPG/Solo/Journal of Rue Softsond/The Journal of Rue Softsond\|The Journal of Rue Softsond]] > [[TTRPG/Solo/Journal of Rue Softsond/Koriko - The Year in Innes-on-High/03. Spring\|03. Spring]]

### Twists
|  |  |  |  |
| ---- | ---- | ---- | ---- |
| your first test (r) | a warm welcome | alone in a crowd | a rooftop chase (r) |
|  | a rude awakening (r) |  |  |
|  | a naive mistake (r) |  |  |
|  | late night flight |  |  |

# The Magician
*A rooftop chase*

I got lost.

In all fairness, it was on purpose - they say the best way to learn where you are is to get lost.
So I did, wandering the streets and enjoying the sights, broomstick left at home but witch hat still on my head.
But I think the lesson needs updating - the best way to learn where you are is to get lost, but have a way to get home.

I tried to climb up onto the roofs in an effort to scout the land, see if I could find a way to point me back to my accommodation. It was dusk, the setting sun was gorgeous against the windows and roofs of the city, but I heard the creak of metal as more people climbed up onto the roof behind me.

Without turning around, I started walking back towards the square, trying to remember a single harmful spell that I could use in this moment.
My heart beat starts to ratchet up, my hands grow cold and clammy, and I'm about to just jump off the side of the building and flee when someone hops off a nearby chimney and begins to walk in step.

Of course, that just immediately made me panic harder, and I was about to take a swing at the guy when he started walking backwards, and I realised he was actually floating, and then he whipped two fireballs into the people following.

I stopped, and turned, but all I could see was their backs as they fled, no fire or harm lingering.

He said his name was **Zeke**, and he bowed with as much panache as I've seen on the most elaborate of theatre performances, all ruffles and ribbons with many wrist-twirling gestures.

He took me to a local chai shop, paper prayers hanging in the clockwork doorway. It was _delicious_, but by the time I got my bearings and settled, he'd already left.

> [!abstract] Power
> Sometimes a good offense is the best defence.

# The Hierophant
*A warm welcome*

A week later, I went back to that chai shop - it doesn't even have a name, or any other signs around it. Just the open wall for the porch, and the menu at the back.

As I walked through the quiet street and stepped in, I spotted someone sat at one of the fold-out tables against the wall, crystal flowers blossoming from it around them.

They were already mixing a pot of chai, and offered it towards me, invited me to sit with them.

They said their name was **Solwake**, and the conversation was the warmest welcome to the city I've had so far. The conversation was easy, genuine, their insight almost scary in recollection. We talked about families, journeys, what makes a home. I confessed that I was both homesick but also settled, that I was worried I would never learn how to make my location feel like it was mine?

I wasn't able to resolve the fear, but it was a weight off my chest anyway.


# Temperance
*Alone in a crowd*

The following day, I went out again, trying to meet new people, or put places to names. However, it feels as though I made a terrible mistake, as the streets were roiling with such noisy activity!

Some sort of protest happening, everyone congregating around the town hall and the square, too close for me to get home without getting bumped every which way, and I didn't want the crowd to lump me in with whatever they were protesting against.

So I was a coward, and I ducked inside the nearest library, face shadowed by the brim of my hat.

Of course the peace didn't last, and one of the librarians (**Kiel**, they said) asked if I needed any help. I tried to explain the situation, heart still pounding, as they led me to one of the quiet corners of the room, tucked underneath a balcony.

At first, the conversation was on me, on what was going on outside, but I tried to deflect, and managed to get them to talk about their work instead. Slowly, we morphed onto my work, then magic, then myths and legends.

From there, well, Kiel was a steam engine that I had no intention of slowing down. It was honestly magical in its own right, watching him become so energetic, hands whipping through the air to sketch ideas, a vast contrast to how they had sat earlier, palms pressed into their lap.

# Ace of Wands
*A naive mistake*

Yesterday, I woke up as the sun rose, my mind filled with ideas, bursting with inspiration! 
If the previous witch turned greenery into glass, then surely it would be possible to do the reverse? 

Think of the benefits! Sustainability would be so much better, turning glass and metal waste into something edible during lean times, or perhaps even new variations?

I even turned to those I've met so far, and sent a letter home to *Aunty Winnow*, in hope that they could all provide some guidance. Solwake did point out that nutritional value would probably drop, and that kind of transubstantiation isn't ideal, but perhaps just to convert back what was changed before?

Honestly, their advice nearly made me give up on the idea, because ... yeah, it's a huge change and I'm fairly certain it goes against all kinds of rules of conservation and the like. But, if I just applied it to what was changed before? Surely that's not a naïve mistake.

> [!abstract] Craft
> Change back what was once changed.
# King of Cups
*A rude awakening*

Always risky. A local area is threatened and collective action is
needed. The community leader has retreated into inaction. Why are
they afraid to take a stand? How do you give them the push they need?
crumbling homes, outside investors, pervasive cult, unquiet ancestors

One of the farms - run by *Farmer Green* still can't grow things, unable to clear out all the debris, unwilling to risk it
I try out the solution I developed before and it works, but it's cost them their supplies for the year.
It was a rude awakening to just how much more involved I need to become with these people, before these issues become so large

> [!abstract] Craft
> Prevention is better than any cure.
# Ten of Swords
*Late night flight + Take a break*

You are requested by somebody old enough to remember the
last witch who lived here - *Pandora Vine*. They don’t have long left. What final
kindness do they ask of you? If you provide it, what does it cost you?
burning question, dinner guest, sleeping potion, peaceful rest

They ask for peaceful rest, a potion to send them off without harm.
I've never watched someone die before.
I ended up flying long after I should've, watching the time go past.
(bonus: take a break)

# Justice
*Your first test + Push yourself*

Walking down a tree-lined avenue,
you’re lost in memories. Who are
you thinking about? Your reverie is
broken as you collide clumsily with
Justice - *Saejong Park*, knocking their coffee and
papers to the floor.
They’re even more apologetic than
you are, but you insist on buying
them a new drink. They’re a lawyer.
How do they think you could help
them with their big case?
missing witness
include: your first test - was on downing and locating things, then people
(bonus: push yourself)

> [!abstract] Care
> Other things will wear down first.
> Sometimes kindness is not gentle.

# Rest

> [!abstract] Power
> Ensure there is steel behind the softness.

> [!NOTE] To Aunty Winnow,
> Coda: A place to stay
> Solwake realises that I'm staying in the shitty loft, and arranges for me to stay in their spare bedroom. They have no issues with any experiments or time, as long as I don't disturb the customers.
> Reflection: Cadences
> The rhythm of this city is so much brighter, so much faster, so much more determined to *get* somewhere.
> Reflection: Adrift
> I tried to go soul gazing once, leaving Sleet as my anchor. He nearly wasn't enough, and I got lost in all the brightness and the noise, the sheer compression of that many people. I was just trying to find a missing person, which is easy enough at home, but here - it was just by following Sleet's voice that I managed to find my way back to safety. Next time, I'll start smaller.