---
{"dg-publish":true,"permalink":"/TTRPG/Solo/Journal of Rue Softsond/Koriko - The Year in Innes-on-High/07. Year's End/"}
---


> [!quote] [[TTRPG/Solo/Journal of Rue Softsond/Koriko - The Year in Innes-on-High/06. Winter\|06. Winter]] < [[TTRPG/Solo/Journal of Rue Softsond/The Journal of Rue Softsond\|The Journal of Rue Softsond]] > [[TTRPG/Solo/Journal of Rue Softsond/Apothecaria/Y0 W1 - The last week of Frostbite\|Y0 W1 - The last week of Frostbite]]

### Twists
|  |  |  |  |
| ---- | ---- | ---- | ---- |
| your final test (r) | never forget |  |  |
|  | how you really feel (r) |  |  |
|  | making amends (r) |  |  |
| out of nowhere (r) |  |  |  |

# Knight of Cups
*never forget*

A traveller arrives after a long and brutal journey, carrying a
precious message. How did their travails break them? How do
you help them to recover? What message was worth all this trouble?
barren wasteland, freezing gale, ghostly torment, knotty trail

from my oldest friend *Caroway Nook*


# Queen of Wands
*how you really feel*

You’re at a cool party. Who invited you? What are
you wearing? An urgent problem arises that requires your
witchcraft to solve. How do the other guests react when you start to act?
tainted buffet, stroppy ghosts, fatal portent, monstrous hosts

*Jack* invited me

> [!abstract] Power
> Secrets fester with gossip.

# The Tower Found
*out of nowhere*

You were supposed to meet, but they never showed. You visit their haunt
to look for them. How do you realise that they’ve been kidnapped? You
realise quickly how bad this could be. Who do you worry is responsible?
shattered mask, weeping witness, warning note, ransacked business

You track their abductors down. What unsettling place
do you find? What formidable foe must you overcome, alone?

> [!abstract] Power
> You are always stronger with others.

# Nine of Cups
*opening shop + additional hangout*

Someone is organising a gathering to thank their local community.
What kind of event is it? What are they grateful for? They ask you
to help make the night extra special. How could you mark the occasion?
magic spices, dancing lights, pyrotechnics, broomstick flights

New chai shop, following on from *Solwake*'s
We invite the *Tumbling Tankards* and *Zeke* to perform
# Death Weeps
*your final test*

Incarnate. Their grief is like a beacon. What malevolent spirit is drawn to
it? What are the signs of its arrival? How do you banish it? Always risky.
darkening corners, distant wail, corpsebloom fragrance, ashen veil

I banish it, and hold them as they weep

> [!abstract] Care
> Healing hurts before it can recover.

# The World Protected
*making amends*

A different spirit creature comes to you, claiming to be the ‘true’ spirit of
Koriko. What do they look like? They insist that the spirit you know is an
imposter. What nefarious plan do they argue you are playing a part in?
draining souls, destroying protections, breaking seals, spreading infections

the new creature is one of glass and metal, of what the city has become and continues to become

You side with the city spirit you know. Thwarted, the new
spirit tries to force your hand. How do you repel its magic?

# Rest

> [!abstract] Care
> Growth may feel invisible when experienced.

> [!NOTE] To Aunty Winnow,
> Coda: Decision time
> Time to leave, to make new changes, to affect new places and people
> Sad to leave friends, though most have begun to move on as well
> Reflection: Home comforts
> What little joy have you missed most from your village?
Do you worry that it will have changed or lost meaning in your year away?
> Reflection: City living
> What everyday feature of city life have you grown to love?
Why did you find it so hard to accept or adjust to when you first arrived?