---
{"dg-publish":true,"permalink":"/150-200-notes/151-archive/2022-notes/11-weeping-city/11-03-notes/22-02-22-what-a-reunion/"}
---


Eos
House wizard – Alvir, has a smell that burns the eyes
Eos ends FF, Atton dragged through the courtyard
– Draws eyes, but Kelor isn't that sad or surprised
– Youngest sister is kinda sad
Terse greeting, Alvir looking at Eos w/ disdain, Kelor w/ unease
– Alvir heads to [[290-299 TTRPG Notes/295 Current Games/11 Weeping City/Wiki/House/Do'ghym\|Do'ghym]]

Heads to Do'ghym
– Hooked at the top, bridge stretching over a pit 'to the Abyss', spiked archway, two spiked towers both lit w/ fires that never go out
– Long red & gold banners slumped over the walls, pits of fire along the path
– Spider stables along the side, Head Weaponmaster Erenyl standing over there, ignore each other
– Big golden door, Artel inside, at the top of the stairs, looking slightly annoyed
Eos returns the handkerchief, asks to continue negotiations
– Diverts the question of whether this is an official visit
– He's also slightly scared of Eos
A ; Do you ? eat food ?
E ; No.
( summons magic servants, like visible unseen servants? )
E ; Why did you reject me?
A ; Why do we still have [[290-299 TTRPG Notes/295 Current Games/11 Weeping City/Wiki/House/Arcice\|Arcice]] in the council? No-one likes them, they're a bit of a recluse. We're better than [[290-299 TTRPG Notes/295 Current Games/11 Weeping City/Wiki/House/Desor\|Desor]], and definitely Shalvyl. We're not the only ones who want them gone. If you don't want our offering, talk to any other member of the Council.
E ; Why couldn't Saba come?
A ; Busy attending other matters, she doesn't think your house is that important
— LIES
E ; Very well, the next visit will be official and with your mother attending
– Artel not worried, more concerned that she may not be available
Heads to Ekel

Sas
Rests for 4 hours
Heads to the [[290-299 TTRPG Notes/295 Current Games/11 Weeping City/Wiki/Person/High Weaver\|High Weaver]]'s office, outside is a waiting / lounge room
– Spartan and plain, spine dart thrown at Sas by an apologetic young drow, room has a couple of spiderlings
– Recognises two – Minelv & Elder
M ; You seen the HW? She seemed upset when you left last night
S ; None of your business. Do you want to be scrubbing the toliets? Do you remember anything?
M ; Besides the crazy guys in masks you told us to watch out for?
S ; Give me a written report of our conversation yesterday. Just so I know you can follow orders

Heads into officer – orderly chaos
– There are fresh purple scales w/ blood, scratchy notes
– Gets the report
– Waits until the end of day, when HW turns up
— White hair slicked back beneath a white mask of eight black eyes, her outfit reads a little Victorian
HW ; Get out.
S ; I need to explain. I wasn't myself, it doesn't make sense but -
HW ; Get out of my office.
S ; Can you at least tell me what happened?
HW ; I don't have time for this. We can talk about this later.
— HW feels slightly unhinged / erratic (more than usual)
— Scratching/hitting at her neck?
– Sas is forcibly ejected from the room ( doesn't know what hit her )
S ; Everyone get out.
— Most don't move, now it's more the heavier hitters of the DM
– Sas heads back into the office, door isn't closed
S ; This is a conversation that needs to happen
HW ; What gives you the right to talk to me like that? You understand what you said to me.
S ; Yes, but you choose family and I chose you. I'm not going to let what happened when I was in another dimension to get between us. I've done everything you asked me and I don't understand.
– Hand placed on her shoulder – her sister?
— Short slicked back white hair, two braids either side
– Sas takes out their darts, gives them over
S ; Give these back if you decide you want me here
– Sas heads out, closing the office door

Heads onto the streets, there's an increased Shalvyl presence
– Tosses a chromatic orb at the guards (end of alley)
– Kills one, threatens the other, but he just dies
– TT.TT lost family in three senses ([[290-299 TTRPG Notes/295 Current Games/11 Weeping City/Wiki/Person/Cutter\|cutter]], HW, atton)

Fabia
Working, untangling the jewelry, success!
Eos arrives, Fabia pops out from under the counter

Eos & Fabia go on a walk
– Dragonfruit = Desor, Apple = Arcice
Arrive at blacksmiths
Fabia asks Eos in, Eos like WTF
Jeremy ; They don't have great social skills, do they?
Drow behind the long counter, skeletal, long white hair tucked into a floor length cloak

Here begins The Worst Shopping Trip
– two people in full masks who have never bought armour
F ; I could play a song, or could kill the guy who your girl was spotted with
Guy ; A song will do fine (he's absolutely crushed about his love life, fully believes Fabia)
– Eos leaves the shop in mortification. Fabia plays the song, does WELL
– Fabia leaves w/ studded armour and bracers for free

We head to Aunelis, meet a weeping Sas
Eos ; Ah, so you know
– Sas attacks, -5 Hp, -10 HP (nat 20)
– Air grows thicker, shadows where there's not supposed to behind
– Sound behind wall
– Eos casts False Life, + 10 Temp

Sas heads around the wall, finds [[290-299 TTRPG Notes/295 Current Games/11 Weeping City/Wiki/Person/Martha\|Martha]] (Jake's new chara)
– She's a doctor, strange mask for her profession
– Takes it off, black hair w/ white stripe, human
– Has only been underground for the past few months, looking for something? That they couldn't get on the surface?
– 'Just wants to help people' – Eos can tell it's bullshit
– Actually heals Eos for +?

We agree to split up, research team and other
– Eos and Martha to head to the Library to figure out more on drow and potential murder methods
– Sas to figure out the state of the underground and what's up
– Fabia can choose and/or help figure things out from their shop

[[150-200 Notes/151 Archive/2022 Notes/11 Weeping City/11.03 Notes/22.02.18 Mommy Issues\|22.02.18 Mommy Issues]] -> [[150-200 Notes/151 Archive/2022 Notes/11 Weeping City/11.03 Notes/WC Calendar\|WC Calendar]] -> [[150-200 Notes/151 Archive/2022 Notes/11 Weeping City/11.03 Notes/22.03.27 Some Lore\|22.03.27 Some Lore]]