---
{"dg-publish":true,"permalink":"/290-299 TTRPG Notes/294 Finished Games/17 Chaos and Cantrips/Notes/12. Find the !/"}
---


[[290-299 TTRPG Notes/294 Finished Games/17 Chaos and Cantrips/Notes/11. Cheating Cheetahs\|11. Cheating Cheetahs]] | [[290-299 TTRPG Notes/294 Finished Games/17 Chaos and Cantrips/Chaos and Cantrips\|Chaos and Cantrips]] | [[13.\|13.]]

On the horizon, towards the desert, we see an owl shaped creature flying away - towards a distant building.

In the direction of Hollow from San Citlan, but much closer.

We consider whether to just host our show now
Itty jumps ontop of a cart selling marigolds
Casts minor illusion
Gets a 28 performance

Gets everyone's attentions
Casts silent image - of Isthmund
Itty: 'Our first event is a scavenger hunt! If you find this man, you may get a portion of his fortune! Bring him here in the next ten minutes and you will be rewarded!'

A third of the crowd begin running around, ready for the hunt.

They grab a couple red tieflings in the area, but no Isthmund - no-one's seen him since we lost him.

We end up slipping away and into the crowd, and start following Bird Boy.

---

Come up to a large building in the middle of the desert, with huge wooden doors and iron fittings, 12ft tall, stone walls, a domed roof.

Basil whips out a book on architecture - can tell this building has to do with mining, used to do process elements once they've been mined.

Can see feathers leading up to the big doors, and footprints leading to a door just around the corner.

Basil tries the smaller door, and it isn't locked!
Leads to a large warehouse with a walkway around two sides of the wall
Can see in the corner, is a young man who looks very afraid, forming and unmorphing from himself into the owl. He hasn't noticed us.

---

We discuss what to do.

---

Itty opens the door - 'Hello? Pazoozoo? We have a bird friend too, we're friendly.'

The kid looks up, now human, resting a hand on his knee.
Kid's name is Serepo

Basil can tell he's been cursed.

He turns into an owl - stalks stalking towards us
Nothing we can do can heal or help him

Itty makes the kid's mother appear
The bird pulls back, but doesn't turn back
Bitty manages to wrangle (grapple with lasso)

Basil can tell its a curse glitching in and out - which is highly unusual for a curse
The owl is confused why it isn't always in its owl state
Maybe sunlight would do something?

creature
basil
bitty <- current turn
itty