---
{"dg-publish":true,"permalink":"/290-299 TTRPG Notes/294 Finished Games/17 Chaos and Cantrips/Notes/4. Awakening Festival/"}
---


<< [[290-299 TTRPG Notes/294 Finished Games/17 Chaos and Cantrips/Notes/3. Spicy Solutions\|3. Spicy Solutions]] | [[290-299 TTRPG Notes/294 Finished Games/17 Chaos and Cantrips/Chaos and Cantrips\|Chaos and Cantrips]] | [[290-299 TTRPG Notes/294 Finished Games/17 Chaos and Cantrips/Notes/5. Fleaing at the Windmill\|5. Fleaing at the Windmill]] >>

We all arrive at Basil's house - middle-aged bachelor pad in gorgeous forested location
stolen signage and normal signage across the walls
a big ole empty fishtank along one wall

arty pokes head in, then heads out to find a shadowy corner in the trees
bitty follows, fails to sneak
bitty: what are you up to?
arty: just looking for something to eat ...
bitty: is it weird if i ask to watch?
arty turns, eyes bright red, fangs out: not weird, but a lil uncomfortable, cause i don't want you becoming my food, so maybe get away
bitty: i have nothing to offer you so ...

there's a noise in the forest

arty: yeah, you probably wouldn't be the most nutritious meal here. are you going to scare away my prey?

both head off to hunt

****

john pins his skin back on his arm - starts tinkering with his internal mechanics
basil enters full host mode - tea and card games and stuff out

sleep - most people don't need a full 8 hours
bitty is interested in someone who might be like her?

morning, knock on the door
basil heads over, in fluffy dressing gown and pink fuzzy slippers
there's a rat man in a black suit, very dapper

"i thought you'd be travelling by now boss, have you heard of god's breath? they do great coffee, but drop this off to aunt deli's for me, tell them tommo sent you."
"in the center of the town, the awakening festival on right now"

bitty recognises the awakening festival - a song stuck in their head
bitty's been to god's breath to meet a friend there
god's breath - farming area, currently got agricultural difficulties

basil's done some support for the traders and farmers, especially during the festival
some people's only job is to organise the event
aunt deli is a pretty well known woman in the area

[[290-299 TTRPG Notes/294 Finished Games/17 Chaos and Cantrips/Notes/0. CC Secrets#4. History roll\|0. CC Secrets#4. History roll]]

arty gets changed, new fit!

we all arrive at god's breath - in promise town, near the ribbon (area of land that loops around god's breath with fertile crimson red soil)
see the festival, people joining for a collective celebration, recounting the history of the town
stalls, musicious, news orleans blues
one stall : get your mini lookalike here (straw dolls, 7cp)
banner: welcome to the festival, please tip the musicians

bitty itty and arty at the doll stall
bitty: i might? be from around here?
awakening festival is roughly their harvest festival
bitty buys a doll: can you give me your most cursed materials
stall owner: most people already say they're cursed enough
stall owner: it's not cursed cursed, but it's a little cursed?

john at the buckaroo bull
woman in a cowboy hat: we're looking for our time to get beat today
john does fantasticly!

****

arty (currently sage) heads over
then there are screams and cries
some farmers head over, not singing, walking weirdly, staring blankly ahead, raising rusty farming implements
john sees their eyes are a swirling crimson
takes a weapon from one, they look Mad
bitty sees it's a powerful magical enchantment effect (havent come across before)

a woman with a shaved head, yellow dress, covered in body paint, flowers, and adornments, starts going against the crowd towards us
woman: jane, what's going on?
jane isn't giving any response back - one of the farmers

lesser restoration doesn't work
we knock them unconscious or tie them up

john heads to mystery woman and heals her