---
{"dg-publish":true,"permalink":"/290-299-ttrpg/295-current-games/15-blackthorn/bt-notes/5-silk-dies/"}
---


<< [[290-299 TTRPG/295 Current Games/15 Blackthorn/BT Notes/4. Sage and the Belle of the Ball\|4. Sage and the Belle of the Ball]] | [[290-299 TTRPG/295 Current Games/15 Blackthorn/BT Notes/Blackthorn Journal\|Blackthorn Journal]] | [[290-299 TTRPG/295 Current Games/15 Blackthorn/BT Notes/6.\|6.]] >>

| 22/11/22 | Dmg taken    | Dmg dealt | Kills | Deaths | Nat 1 | Nat 20 |
| -------- | ------------ | --------- | ----- | ------ | ----- | ------ |
| Silk     | 15,16,3,26,8 | 13, 18, 7 | 1     | 1      |       | 2      |
| Sage     | 0            | much      |       |        |       |        |
| Jackie   | 0            | much      | 1     |        |       | 1?     | 
| Nikiti   | 0            | 31,much   | 1     |        |       |        |

N by the front door
Prince walks past

why is P here? 
all royalty is invited to everything, sometimes turn up (its kinda random)
usually with security - odd that he's alone

(silk overhearing)
N: Prince Farron, it's a surprise, you're very far from home
P: Nikiti, good evening. Interesting ... company you're keeping. 
N: I'll cut to the chase. Have you come here for us?
P: You're not an idiot, if I was here for you, I'd be with a legion of men and you wouldn't be leaving the premises alive
N: Why are you here then? It's awfully ... coincidental
P is very hesitant to answer
P: You have your secrets, I have mine. But don't worry, I won't be informing anyone of where you are
N: Why not?
P: I have my business, you have yours
P is trying not to give N info, cause doesn't know what N would do with that info
Most nervous N has ever seen him - other than once before during a hushed convo between N's wife and him before everything went down (Wife: everything will be fine! Prince: No it won't)
P walks up to N, whispers in their ear: Keep him out of trouble, would you?
P walks away down the driveway, hops the fence into the woods, start running

****

From the ballroom, screams start sounding, three angels turning to stone
They fall to their knees, scream abruptly cut off as they start snarling
Pablo Bislimi - Deathpact Angel  
Cohnal Briarbosk - Weeping angel  
Soliania Briarbosk - Weeping angel

Initiative
Jackie hides in a corner
7 ppl run out
Silk takes _31 points of dmg_
N heads to the one fighting J - deals a _shiton_ of dmg
Sage summons spiritual weapon - it's a group of ppl (therapist, nail artist, etc)
Sage figures out that staring at them will stop them from moving
J destroys the angel (flash of yellow magic, smacks it, and it shatters)
One of the stone pieces has a blinking eye, before it just ... stops

silk takes goes DOWN
one hit - 2 failed death saves
jasper the cat comes over and paws at silk's now changeling prone body
second hit - permadead
jackie has a memory thing?
jasper freezes, then climbs onto silk's chest, nudging at his head, before speaking in a voice none of us have heard before
Jasper: Ars, Ars, you need to come back now. It's time for you to come back, I wasn't done playing
gold glow from jasper's paws
Jasper: I guess Ars, you're going to come back now. I have to go, just for a while, but you have to look after her.
Then Jasper disappears in a glow of gold
Jackie hears a little whisper from Jasper: I led you home. But I'll be back, otherwise I'll miss playing with my friends

****

Whilst dead - secret talk!
Feel myself back in my og form
Feel something pawing at me, reaching into my soul
I can see the cat, as the kitten, sat there - the floor is water and the days are passing quickly overhead
S: You're not Jackie, are you?
J: No, but they were a bright light or asked me to look after someone
S: Who are you?
J: That's a story for another day
J: Bringing you back, that's noticeable to other's like myself
J: That was no regular poison in drinks, that was powerful magic, someone with a grudge
J: The prince spent most of his time being smitten with someone
J: I think the feeling is mutual
J: I wouldn't worry about it to much, he won't let himself, or he won't be allowed to have it
J: She lost all of her memory immediately, then lost it again right before meeting you. 
J: My own siblings are calling, I have to go.
J: Peace out, may the light be with you

****

Sage and N both notice that the spiritual weapon and glaive is glowing gold
Plus extra secretssss

N kills second angel
Silk takes down the last, cleaving it in half

Combat ends

Silk panics, goes through a bunch of their faces
Sage comes by, casts Calm Emotions, Silk calms down and settles into his normal face
Sage recognises the Prince Atala face

Silk: That was a cool cat, wasn't it?