---
{"dg-publish":true,"permalink":"/290-299-ttrpg/295-current-games/16-forbidden-fey/journal/2-dove-dungeon-crawl/"}
---

[[290-299 TTRPG/295 Current Games/16 Forbidden Fey/Journal/Forbidden Fey Journal\|Forbidden Fey Journal]]
[[290-299 TTRPG/295 Current Games/16 Forbidden Fey/Journal/1. You meet at a tavern\|1. You meet at a tavern]] / 16 - 10 - 22 / [[290-299 TTRPG/295 Current Games/16 Forbidden Fey/Journal/3.\|3.]]

cassian : It's hard to put 'wanker' and 'little dick' in the same sonnet and put it to music

OU pulls out a shape - looks like a hollow tentacle inlaid w/ lapiz lazuli
' my dad said this jewelry would grant me the ability to change appearance. one day it went quiet - something big happened and frightened them all into becoming dormant '

cassian -> was just told to keep it safe
OU's went dormant ~8 years ago
OU = Rorin Sonborn

all our jewels grow slightly warmer before fading away

OU
- 'these jewels were bestowed upon the Chosen Ones a long time ago'
- 'many a report of disturbances across the land'
- 'someone in white manipulating ppl'
- 'up in Elysium, only high noble folk can get in'
- 'go ask the potion seller Maggie for more deets'

Alex 
- 'did i tell you about the dagger I lost at the well? I didn't know it would be that important. Over by the Kraken's Footsteps'
- 'my parents were investigating the Kraken when they were killed by other assassins'

Head to center of wood
- old well in the clearing - dried up long ago
- the air is frigid and has an unnerving scent
- no-one has used the well for its intended purpose in a long while
- animal tracks around & alex's
- and scattered translucent white feathered around the clearing

Cassian picks up a feather - too light and not from an ordinary dove

Writing on the well is scratched out
- in Primordial
- written by humans

Orrin uses Plant Growth
sorrel uses the vine to climb down the well
- hears a voice pleading for help
- & ragged breathing from the depths
- drops a torch - falls for ages before flashing and goes out (like all torches)
- eventually reaches white marble floor w/ faint white mist
- -- 200 ft down
- telepathically msgs alex 'reached floor, going deeper'

feather is imbued w/ a faint magic

all reach bottom
- orrin slips and falls
- indie rushes after

sorrel starts hearing whispers, want to follow
cassian hears whispers, promises of grandeur and fame

in marble foyer, scratched out glyphs everywhere
- long hallway, more glyphs and panels along the walls
- scratched out from age
- same lang and builders as the well

indie notices 4 glyphs opposite hallway on a panel at entrance
- **'only those that follow the antecedents may pass'**
- firmly locked and not used in a long time
- knows many civilisations lived here before but not specifics

reach door at end of hallway
- ' touch us as time does advance, and you too, are granted a chance '
- five panels with engraved images
- - egg / baby bird / young bird / adult bird / deceased dove
- more shimmering dove feathers around us on the floor

touch adult, doesn't work
touch all in order, just indie, doesn't work
touch in order of our ages - works!

4 glyphs in shape of nest
4 dove statues
door slams shut behind us
- mist is dense and smells more rancid
- plaques on nests read 'tides, fire, wind, hole'

sorrel pushes a statue, glowing runes at base, voice says 'without air, I cannot breathe'
- solve the riddles
- ledge opens up 20ft up wall
- mist envelopes us (except Cassian)
- -- 1 lvl exhaustion

ledge has lever and inscription
- Do not pull me unless you are e??????d

Everyone climbs up - Indie stays on a dove back
Sound of rushing sand, ceiling opens up
- voice says 'I built castles .... what am I? Sand!'
- room is filling
- indie teleports to ledge

white dove appears before us
- satchel & dagger in its talons

fight! 
while fighting, jewels become slightly warmer
win!

heading out
loot: 
From the page picked up:
You see a torn page, as if from a book, that has been scribbled on haphazardly. The lettering is faded, but the words 'antecedents' and 'inheritance' have been circled several times, and there is a sketch of a dove similar to the one you encountered, alongside a drawing of a brooch in the shape of a dove, with a pure white crystal in the centre. The name Paloma is also written in the corner, as if it were signed. 

Upon touching the broken dove wing, you see images begin to flash in your minds eye. An image of a woman appears, her back turned. She is dressed in all white, and a shimmering essence appears to surround her in an ephemeral sheen. You see flashes of feathers, and feel a strange calm wash over you.

A grass-woven satchel, holding few treasures. The metal coins contained inside have not been tarnished by the prolonged exposure to the elements, and upon a closer look at the satchel itself, it seems a fey charm has been placed upon it to keep the contents unmarred. You find a collection of coins that add up to around 5 gold pieces, various earrings, and a tarnished locket on a short chain. The pictures within have long ago been aged beyond visibility.