---
{"dg-publish":true,"permalink":"/TTRPG/Solo/Journal of Rue Softsong/Koriko - The Year in Innes-on-High/00. Map and Skills/"}
---

> [!quote] [[TTRPG/Solo/Journal of Rue Softsong/The Journal of Rue Softsong\|The Journal of Rue Softsong]]

# Tones Map

### Wands
Paper prayers
Clockwork doors
Soothing chai
Gnarled trees
Boarded windows
Stalking shadows
Feline strays
Secret doors
Old-money customs
Gnarled fig trees wrapped with gold thread
### Cups
Gentle rivers
Corner shrines
Coffee breaks
Gold-filled cracks
Furtive kisses
Planted graveyards
### Swords
Backroom contracts
Fiery rallies
Red-brick prisons
Well-worn tracks
Dockyard haze
Orderly blooms
### Disks
Food truck markets
Park bench picnics
Antique bookstores
Ancient stones
Unlit rooftops
Sawdust pubs
# Skills and Lessons

### Power
Bravery / Sorcery / Persuasion

Sometimes a good offense is the best defence.
Ensure there is steel behind the softness.
Trust your gut.
Sometimes, you have to push through.
It's the same skill in a different setting.
Being yourself is sometimes bravery enough.
Perfect practice develops skill.
There is always another option.
Secrets fester with gossip.
You are always stronger with others.
### Craft
Potions / Tricks / Method

Change back what was once changed.
Prevention is better than any cure.
You cannot neglect the body in favour of the mind.
Tradition was first created for a purpose.
Test small so you can build big.
There are times to create and times to rest.
Nature does what it does for a reason.
Things hold great emotion.
### Care
Kindness / Intuition / Healing

The world is perhaps to vast for me to chart or save all of it on my own, but I can just focus on the here, on the now.
Other things will wear down first.
Sometimes kindness is not gentle.
Wounds need light to heal.
Discomfort is the beginning of things.
A sharp and precise cut can heal, a dull blade can cause more harm.
Everyone believes themselves to be a righteous person.
An ending is not always the end.
Healing hurts before it can recover.
Growth may feel invisible when experienced.
### Lore
Curses / Visions / History

# Circle

### The Magician: Zeke Margrove
he/him
Dazzling and gifted, The Magician is a force to be reckoned with. They are also cursed with a fragile ego and unpredictable mood swings. What might you teach each other?
They are a confident individual. They are brilliant, flamboyant and self-obsessed.
**Magic:** Ornate Spells
**Looks:** Howl
**Hangouts:** One

### The Hierophant: Solwake
they/them
Cool and quiet, The Hierophant might not seem like an obvious friend. But beneath their guarded exterior, you’ll find a teacher like no other. Can you break through?
They are a monastic individual. They are seasoned, reserved and insightful.
**Temple:** Chai cafe
**Looks:** Warm smile, dark glasses
**Styles:** Neckerchief, woven hat, well-worn boots, tame ferret
**Hangouts:** Three

### Temperance: Kiel Minuet
he/they
Temperance is a bastion of calm, a skilled navigator of the city’s grand library and a considerate ear for any issue. What could they teach you about patience and discipline?
They are a composed individual. They are quiet, thoughtful and sometimes slow to act.
**Passion:** Myths and Legends
**Looks:** Gentle voice, curly hair
**Styles:** Rollneck sweater, leather notebook

### Justice: Saejeong Park
they/them
Justice is a budding young lawyer with a sharp mind and strong moral compass. They’re pursuing a difficult case against an oppressive opponent. Can you help them win?
They are a crusading individual. They are studious, steadfast and occasionally impulsive.
**Opponent:** Beloved politician
**Looks:** Fierce brows, neat makeup
**Styles:** White scarf, red waistcoat
**Hangouts:** Three

### The Tower: Sionne
he/they
A saviour in shadow, The Tower is a hero with a serious mood. They've saved you several times, but their soul is fading to the dark. Can you shine a light for them?
The Tower is a brooding individual. They are intense, burdened and valorous.
**Prowess:** Martial arts
**Looks:** Jagged scar, missing fingers
**Styles:** Linen cowl, combat boots
**Hangouts:** Three

### The Moon: Fifteen
she/they
The Moon is trapped between worlds: half teenager, half monster. They’re fighting a losing battle to suppress their stranger side. Can you help them find a path forward?
They are a monstrous individual. They are angry, tender and misunderstood.
**Monster:** Experiment
**Looks:** Strange markings, trembling fingers, long black hair, hollow eyes
**Styles:** Black hoodie, face mask

### The World: Innes
The World is Innes-on-High itself, the living embodiment of the city. For some reason, they’ve decided to reveal themselves to you. Will you carry out their strange requests?
The World is a luminous presence. They are everywhere, everyone and ephemeral.
**Form:** Scattered sunlight
**Looks:** Iridescent skin, quiet whispers
**Styles:** Brass skulls, cigarettes
**Hangouts:** Three

### The Devil: Jack
she/they
People brand The Devil as immoral, indecent or worse. Really, they just care more about their friends  and beliefs than what society thinks. What will you make of them?
They are an alluring individual. They are dramatic, radical and unashamed.
**Controversy:** radical love
**Looks:** intense gaze, dark lipstick
**Styles:** leather jacket, fishnet stockings

### Death: Hanami
he/him
Death is a person in deep mourning. Their life feels empty in the wake of loss, but they still have plenty of life to live. Can you help them find peace, and a new path?
They are a grieving individual. They are shaken, despairing and yet stronger than they know.
**Loss:** A destiny
**Looks:** Rough hands, old muscle
**Styles:** embroidered knit, strange ring

