---
{"dg-publish":true,"permalink":"/TTRPG/Solo/Journal of Rue Softsong/Koriko - The Year in Innes-on-High/01. Departure/"}
---


> [!quote] [[TTRPG/Solo/Journal of Rue Softsong/The Journal of Rue Softsong\|The Journal of Rue Softsong]] > [[TTRPG/Solo/Journal of Rue Softsong/Koriko - The Year in Innes-on-High/02. Arrival\|02. Arrival]]

# A Start

My name is **Rue Softsond**.
I'm a nineteen year old witch-in-training.

When you first see me, you'll probably notice my soft but scarred hands, my buzzcut of teal hair, and my non-judgemental eyes.
I wear a crumpled pointed hat, a working hanbok and shoestring belt, and I carry a brass tin of boiled sweets wherever I go.

With me is my familiar, Sleet, a eurasian lynx with white to rust fur and black stripes. They're incredibly independent, even as we are two halves of the same, capable of understanding each other with only a look.

Most folk from my village would say that I'm pragmatic, I think.
The people closest to me make it clear that I should always be composed, in order to cope with, and help others cope with anything.
As for me, I think I'm curious, and I'd really like to be more creative or tender.

...

I'm writing this from [[TTRPG/Solo/Journal of Rue Softsong/Grimoire/2. Locations in Baesham#Settlements\|Karikaya]], the quiet little village I've lived in all my life, with [[TTRPG/Solo/Journal of Rue Softsong/Grimoire/1. Personae Dramaticae#Personal\|Aunty Winnow]], the village witch and my mother's first love.
People in this village say they're playful, but they can actually be quite cunning when it's just us.

Since I decided to become a witch, they've acted as my mentor, teaching me the basics of the old ways. We've learnt a lot together, but now it's time for me to put it into practice on my own, far from their guiding hand.

*Sleet* and I will be leaving on the next full moon, just two days from now, to spend a year away. I hope to help more people with my training, but also want to discover new places!

When I dream about my new home, I wake up with lingering memories of gnarled fig trees wound with gold thread and charming pickpockets with cheeky smiles. It's ... something alright.

...

I leave in two days.

---

# T Minus Two

I escaped the packing whirlwind of the house, I just had to get out, had to leave. I visited my favourite spot in the village - the cliffs overlooking the cove.
I stood there, in the clean and cutting wind, one hand holding onto my hat, and could see my dream again - the spire of silver and glass piercing the sky.

The scale of it felt fitting here, where the horizon dominates the scene, but incongruous against the daily lives of the fishermen I watched work below me.

But that's what scares me.

I'm ... perhaps not ordinary, but I'm small. Against the forces of this universe, against nature and humanity, what can I do? I'm so scared that I just ... I won't be enough.

But *Barji* fell overboard and dragged *Marcus* with him, and I could hear their laughter all the way at the top of the cliff. 

---

# T Minus One

I went to say goodbye to **Caroway Nook**, my oldest and best friend. We've been joined at the hip for longer than I've known Sleet, but now we're both leaving, heading in different directions to reach the big city and build our dreams.

We played card games until late at night, sharing secrets and hopes and fears and memories. They say that they're looking forward to me becoming the most powerful witch, while I can't wait to see the legendary items that they will smith.

Honestly, I just hope that I find a friend like them in Innes-on-High, but I'll quite happily never deal with their teenage crushes and broken hearts again.

---

# A Feast

It's time to leave.

**Aunty Winnow** gathers the village, my family and friends, for a great feast, a final meal before my departure. It feels too grand, and I'm always awkward in the spotlight, but it was ... it was sweet.

My family all cried at least once, my dad practically bawling over me. **Caroway** cracked jokes before disappearing halfway through. I said goodbye to everyone at least once, uneaten plate of something in my hand, before I slipped out to join them.

My mother and **Aunty Winnow** joined us as the sun set, passing over my broomstick and satchel. With one last hug and farewell each, as easy as that, I was off.

---

# The Journey

That first day, I reached the **Mortar's Grove**, the furthest I've ever been from home, a popular rest stop for travelers. It's a beautiful rustic building nestled on an island in the middle of a small lake, sat at the cross-section of the river passage and main road.

I stopped there for lunch, partaking in their world-famous pies and cordial. I tucked a bottle of raspberry syrup in my bag for later, as cross-referenced my maps against the ones on their walls.

One day it'll be my maps up there.

That night, I took a break in my tent, a canvas sheet I unrolled and held up with my broomstick (it's a good thing they can hover even when you aren't sat on them). I'd practiced a couple of times at home, but the darkness outside was both more calming and more scary than I'd thought.

The following day, snacking on my packed sandwich, I nearly fell off my log when I heard a cheery greeting from a fellow traveler walking up behind me. **Khiom** said that he was a travelling bard, and performed the most delightful little ditty! We shared some of my cordial and some of his chocolate before he bid farewell, heading to the Mortar's Grove.

---

# Entering Innes-on-High

Slowly the roads I flew over grew wider and flatter, filled with larger and more kinds of people. **Led by the crowds**, I could see merchants and their carts, families and workers, even adventuring groups and whole squads of soldiers! The amount of shining metal and glass took me by surprise, even commonplace in the wagons of the theatre troupe that I bunked with before I finally entered.

I decided to come in on foot, broomstick in hand and hat on head, but my friendly approach seemed to backfire - people were **apprehensive**, averting their eyes and avoiding conversation.

I went back to the **Tumbling Tankards** to cling to a friendly face, and the **Maestro Toss** seemed surprised that I hadn't heard.

Apparently, two years ago, the last witch (a man named *Silver*) took their power and authority for granted, and drained every plant within the city of its magic when he tried to cast a spell. No-one knows what he tried to do, or what happened to him, but every flower and tree and blade of glass was replaced with silver and glass, every edge razor sharp.

It had taken them a year to remove all the dead plants safely, and another year to begin the growing process again. The greenery I was seeing was so fragile and new, and no-one wanted me to be there - in case I might fuck shit up for them again, or in fear of what I might demand so that I wouldn't.

---

> [!abstract] Departure
> People are kinder and more afraid than I thought.
> The world is perhaps to vast for me to chart or save all of it on my own, but I can just focus on the here, on the now.

> [!NOTE] To Aunty Winnow,
> I've managed to find lodging - the previous witch's tower in the back corner of the Square.
> It's safe, but it's cold, too large for just me, and makes me feel like I'm fulfilling the citizen's expectations of a witch.
> 
> Speaking of, please thank *Sarah Wren* for her advice on cleaning a large space quickly. I'm worried I've missed some crannies and perhaps the pots aren't as clean as they should be, but the space is mine, for now.
> 
> As for Innes-on-High ... it's big. Much bigger than I thought it would be. So many people, so many things to learn -
> 
> But it also feels ... right?
> Everything I was afraid of is here. Everything I could forsee, everything I need - it's here.
> I'm excited, and I'm scared, and I'll make you all proud.
> 
> In the light,
> Rue

