---
{"dg-publish":true,"permalink":"/TTRPG/Solo/Journal of Rue Softsong/Koriko - The Year in Innes-on-High/03. Spring/"}
---


> [!quote] [[TTRPG/Solo/Journal of Rue Softsong/Koriko - The Year in Innes-on-High/02. Arrival\|02. Arrival]] < [[TTRPG/Solo/Journal of Rue Softsong/The Journal of Rue Softsong\|The Journal of Rue Softsong]] > [[TTRPG/Solo/Journal of Rue Softsong/Koriko - The Year in Innes-on-High/04. Summer\|04. Summer]]

### Twists
|  |  |  |  |
| ---- | ---- | ---- | ---- |
|  | first of the season |  |  |
| your reflection in the glass | running rampant (r) |  |  |
|  | better left buried (r) |  | the way they talk |
| it hurts to watch (r) | waiting for sunshine | what you won't reveal | the old ways (r) |


# Three of Swords
*better left buried*

You learn about a long-ago tragedy, a terrible feud with fatal
consequences. What innocent life was lost in the fray? The conflict
was buried with this loss. What mark on the city still remains?
entwined statues, shrapnel scars, weathered tombstone, twinning stars

I learn about a man named Hanami, and how he was fated to save the city.
He was the one who took down Silver, the one who managed to restore any semblance of peace.
He was the only one who could touch the new plants without harm, though still, if he slipped, he bled.
His blood still stains the street, impossible to scrub out - any plant that grows there now blossoms red and twining gold.
At the end, I discover that he's actually still alive, that the city has thanked him, but wishes for him to stay out of sight from now.

> [!abstract] Care
> Wounds need light to heal


# The Spiralling Magician
*running rampant*

A fine mess. You arrive to find them in a wretched state. What incident,
seemingly trivial, sent them spiralling? How do you pull them out of it?
missing notebook, greying hairs, ceaseless noises, mismatched pairs

They haven't eaten, haven't slept, their eyes haunted with a need to figure out the next step, a hyperfixation that traps them, ink stains on their lips and fingers.
They spiralled because they got caught with their hand in someone's pocket, and got roughed up by it before they managed to escape, unwilling to do damage to someone so evidentally rich and capable of getting back
I cook them a meal, something to help them sleep.
I cannot pursuade them to stop their thievery, nor to stop their training, but I can help them rest, measure themselves, and go about things safer.

> [!abstract] Craft
> You cannot neglect the body in favour of the mind.


# Five of Wands
*it hurts to watch*

You hear that a group, usually amiable, have grown fractious. What
gives it away that a mischievous creature is meddling with them?
How do you draw the thing out? What do you do with it, once caught?
put it in a bottle, throw it in a stream, stick it in the oven, trap it in a dream

called knifegut, it's a creature that infects the mind, reducing sleep, increasing irritability
they feed off the conflict, off anxiety and stress

I manage to draw it out with a potion that increases calm and sends some to sleep
But I thought it was just a mushroom thing called *Gutgrim*, but it continued to grow out of the ground, a coral like tree that wrapped around the trees, and it's actually a *Knifegut*

It reached out to wrap around me, to drink in my final panicked moments

Things are looking dire, but a shadowy blur rushes past to avert
disaster. It’s gone just as quickly. What strange trace is left behind?
glitching shadow, calling card, waft of ginger, stalking guard

There's a glitching shadow along with the scent of steel, and an arm yanks me out of the way
I jerk back to my senses and smear a potion across the ground, before casting a spell
It starves the coral-like structure, withering it in moments.
It hurts to watch the thing writhe in pain, trying to kill it

> [!abstract] Power
> Consequence: 1

# Queen of Cups
*first of the season*

A valued community figure - *Lorelei Raime* has become obsessed with material
matters, spurning those who love them. What is their fixation?
Where do you meet them? How do you remind them what really matters?
gilded placards, monuments, hothouse gardens, raising rents

She runs community gardens and has donated much of her estate to the city for farming and play
She's become fixated on collecting the largest range and variations of plants, exotic flowers and herbs and the like
I remind her that originally, it was for growth, to share, to find what is native and what can be sustained
Youre hurting both the plants and this environment by forcing something that doesn't belong here to flower, and it will never flourish

I remind her of this by taking her out to the community gardens to see the first fruits of the season, healthy and thriving plants that have their own beauty, especially when compared to her sterile greenhouses.

# The Moon
*waiting for sunshine + special confidant*

You’ve been investigating reports
of a monster, and your search has
led you here. the *Olive Cemetery* 
creepy, broken
place are you stalking through?
disused manor, rotting junkyard,
murky cavern, misty dockyard

Suddenly, something terrifying
leaps out from the shadows—The
Moon. How do you draw on your
magic to protect yourself? Your
powers hold the monster in place,
and you can see that they’re a
terrified teenager—just like you.

They were bunking in the mauluseums, a place to stay out of the elements, that spring rain
They've been eating shrubbery and being ill - which were the reported sounds

They have Strange markings, trembling fingers, long black hair, hollow eyes, black hoodie

I startle them back with a ray of sunshine from my hands, something to help me see, something that often scares away creatures of the night.
When I see it's just a child, I dim the light until it resembles the moon, floating it between us.

I convince them to wait around with me for the dawn, that first hint of sunshine.
They've never seen it before, and near flinch, near run away
I feed them, fail to convince them to come back to my own room.

They slink away shortly, and I walk home.


# The World
*your reflection in the glass*

Moving through the streets, you
feel time slowing around you. Are
you all alone, or surrounded by
crowds? You hear a voice, strange
and yet familiar, utter a simple
greeting. The World says hello.
They ask for your opinions on the
city. Do you share your true
feelings? Yes. They avoid any questions
about their intent or purpose.
What little task do they ask of you?
learn these words

I walk home, and catch my reflection in the glass.
In the scattered sunlight, a form takes shape, with iridescent skin, brass skull, cigarette between their lips that leaves a soft halo or glow around them, blurring their edges
Their voice is a quiet whisper as they say hello.

The world slows, the street still full, but moving through molasses, as I address the mirror, the sunlit reflection.
They ask about my opinions on the city.
I tell the truth, that it is fiery, that it is resilient, that it harbours great wisdom and strength even as it seeks to surpress its weakness
They hum, they flicker in form. They ask for me to learn these words.
*Asleep, the mind is most awake. Awake, the body is most at home. Rest must come after tension without snapping. At rest is when the self is known.*

# The Broken Hierophant
*the old ways*

Fixing up. Something important in their space has stopped working.
They can’t fix it, but you can. Do they ask, or do you have to insist?
vintage hardware, ancient spring, magic toolbox, warding ring

It's the clockwork door, now stuck. 
It's something old, from a reason that has long been forgotten and turned into tradition.
It's failure has cause something else to halt - the connection, some rhythmn within the city.
The only way to fix it is by addressing it with the old ways - no wood or stone is allowed to touch it, only magic and metal.
They ask for my help, and I form potions to lubricate, to hold fast, oils and glues that are baked with magic and nothing else.

> [!abstract] Craft
> Tradition was first created for a purpose.


# Justice At Risk
*what you won't reveal*

Grave. Their opponent issues an underhand threat. Your friend refuses to
back down. How can you keep them safe until the trial? Always risky.
pocket haven, protective charms, shadowy veil, enchanted alarms

Things are looking dire, but a shadowy blur rushes past to avert
disaster. It’s gone just as quickly. What strange trace is left behind?
If you’ve had this result before, add The Tower (p. 120) to your circle.
glitching shadow, calling card, waft of ginger, stalking guard

> [!abstract] Power
> Consequence: 1


# The Tower
*the way they talk*

The Tower tries to run, but you're
not letting them get away today.
How do you cut them off? They
stand in front of you, panting. What
do you notice now you’re up close?
All they want to do is leave. When
you ask why, what reason do they
give? How do you convince them
to stay, and where do you go? You
manage some stilted conversation.
What small favour do they accept?
honest promise, favourite food,
pressing rumour, potent brew

# Rest


> [!abstract] Power
> Trust your gut.

> [!NOTE] To Aunty Winnow,
> Coda: Reputation
> People have started to give little presents, which is better than hostility, but still feels like theyre trying to bribe me not to hurt them. Such as Lorelei Raime, or Farmer Green, or Vine's close friend.
> Reflection: Training
> I've been physically exercising - perhaps my magic or my studies will suffer, but I think it's a necessary part of a holistic lifestyle, and will help keep me generally safer.
> Reflection: Uniform
> People dress far more proper, clean and starched and put together, with coats that fit their shoulders. I've adopted a lot of the lines and materials, though I keep my shape and my colours.