---
{"dg-publish":true,"permalink":"/TTRPG/Solo/Journal of Rue Softsong/Koriko - The Year in Innes-on-High/04. Summer/"}
---


> [!quote] [[TTRPG/Solo/Journal of Rue Softsong/Koriko - The Year in Innes-on-High/03. Spring\|03. Spring]] < [[TTRPG/Solo/Journal of Rue Softsong/The Journal of Rue Softsong\|The Journal of Rue Softsong]] > [[TTRPG/Solo/Journal of Rue Softsong/Koriko - The Year in Innes-on-High/05. Autumn\|05. Autumn]]

### Twists
|  |  |  |  |
| ---- | ---- | ---- | ---- |
| sleepness night (r) |  |  |  |
| outdoor cooking |  |  | the fruit seller |
| cool water | scorching passions (r) |  |  |
| chasing storms (r) | summer solstice | where you rest | unfamiliar waters (r) |

# The Patrolling Tower
*sleepness night*

On patrol. You head out with them one night. What kind of people do
they look to help? How does your magic make it easier for them operate?
shifting shadows, dizzying cloud, swiftness potion, shimmering shroud

> [!abstract] Power
> Sometimes, you have to push through.

# Knight of Swords
*chasing storms*

An occult society grows in popularity - the *Windfall*. What peculiar goal do they
strive towards? chasing storms.
You sense a protective enchantment that binds
its members together. Leave them be? Yes

You’ve made a big mess, but nobody got hurt. How did things get
so muddled? As you clean up, you reflect on what you could do
better next time. Write a new experience under the skill you were using.
misheard orders, ‘bright’ ideas, cutting corners, buried fear

Decided to actually help them out, make sure they stay safe
I gave them a potion of weather resistance, to help the cold and wind and rain not affect them
However, this was cutting corners on their safety, and many got lost or trapped in the journey itself
The storm blew over quickly, and no-one got hurt, but next time, the whole journey needs to be taken into account.

> [!abstract] Craft
> Consequence: 6
> Test small so you can build big.

# Six of Coins
*summer solstice*

You were taught that a witch should serve their community, and be
supported in turn. How compatible is this teaching with city life?
What do you hope you’ll always be able to provide for free?
herbal healing, ancient truth, monster hunting, fateful sooth

gives tradition and community requiring shared stories

# Justice Talks
*where you rest*

Motivated. You ask them why they’re so driven to fight. What story of
personal tragedy do they share? How is their opponent implicated in it?
stolen fortune, family loss, blighted homeland, ruthless boss

# Page of Wands
*unfamiliar waters + special confidant*

Always risky. You can’t shake a self-limiting belief. What do you feel
you’ll never be good at? An opportunity presents itself, but it’s not
a small step—it’s a giant leap. How do you steel yourself to do it anyway?
stem the bleeding, calm the crowds, seal the gateway, crest the clouds

> [!abstract] Power
> It's the same skill in a different setting.

# The Devil
*scorching passions*

A job takes you to a place that
plays a kind of music you’ve never
heard before. You step inside,
gingerly. The staff are hostile, but
The Devil vouches for you. They
motion for you to sit with them.
They’re fascinated by your witch
powers and the freedom they give.
What do you find surprising about
their lifestyle? How are they part of
the job you came here to do?
they live without, they will not bend,
the way they love, what they defend

> [!abstract] Power
> Being yourself is sometimes bravery enough.


# Two of Cups
*cool water*

You are invited to a ceremony that celebrates the love between two
or more people. What role is it customary for a witch to play? As you
help them celebrate their obvious affection, how does it make you feel?
helping announce a child's first birthday - *Olivia Green*
between *Farmer Green* and his wife *Niamh Green*

The witch is there to check up on the child's health, to record the name, and to provide good fate for the child's future
Rue is homesick, missing their parents, but awed by the weight of history and the child and the future.

# The Hierophant Cooks
*outdoor cooking*

Old school. They talk about a favoured hobby that you’ve never heard of.
Shocked, they give a demonstration. Does it seem like much fun to you?
rose breeding, steam machines, butter sculpting, miniature scenes

# The Fascinated World
*the fruit seller*

Joyride. Today, they follow you around all day. What mundane sight do
they find absolutely hilarious? What place do they insist you avoid?
avoid the square, amused by the markets

Fruit seller is *Niamh Green*, and the World is fascinated by the baby, by the fruits, by the coins.

# Rest

> [!abstract] Care
> Discomfort is the beginning of things.

> [!NOTE] To Aunty Winnow,
> Coda: Recognition
> Whether intentional or not, your brand has grown ever
stronger in the eyes of the city. What icon or phrase are you most often
associated with? How have people learned to contact you? How do you
feel about your practice being presented as a product or service?
bubbling cauldron, crescent moon, corporate title, catchy tune
> Reflection: Adventures
> Long summer days are ripe for bold ventures. Which of your
endeavours pushed you the hardest? What did you learn about yourself?
> Reflection: Friendship
> I've gotten close with Solwake and Saejeong, but I wish I could do more with Sionne and Jack