---
{"dg-publish":true,"permalink":"/TTRPG/Solo/Journal of Rue Softsong/Koriko - The Year in Innes-on-High/05. Autumn/"}
---


> [!quote] [[TTRPG/Solo/Journal of Rue Softsong/Koriko - The Year in Innes-on-High/04. Summer\|04. Summer]] < [[TTRPG/Solo/Journal of Rue Softsong/The Journal of Rue Softsong\|The Journal of Rue Softsong]] > [[TTRPG/Solo/Journal of Rue Softsong/Koriko - The Year in Innes-on-High/06. Winter\|06. Winter]]

### Twists
|  |  |  |  |
| ---- | ---- | ---- | ---- |
|  | when you let it go |  |  |
| closing doors | thinning of the veil (r) |  | surprising affection |
|  | wild weather (r) |  |  |
| a dulled blade (r) | wear and tear | if you look inside |  |

# The Broken Tower
*a dulled blade*

A little broken. They come to your home, staggering. What injury have
they sustained? You patch them up. How do they tell you it happened?
chasing thieves, barbed-wire tears, saving kittens, fell down stairs

> [!abstract] Care
> A sharp and precise cut can heal, a dull blade can cause more harm.

# King of Coins
*closing doors*

You are invited to the home of a wealthy family. What landmark
does their lavish home overlook? You are plied with fine food and
polite conversation. Do you feel like a welcome guest or an idle curiosity?
palace gardens, main arcade, tranquil harbour, grim stockade

*Lorelei Raime* invites me back, to see her house and more than just the gardens
The house is large, and some of the family are distant, but they try to make me feel welcome
It's a strange contrast to the warmth of the gardens outside, the ornate and clearly expensive arrangements that lead out to the community plots.
Some of the doors are closed to me, and it reminds me that as much as I am part of the people, I am also an authority, and someone distant.

# Six of Cups
*wear and tear*

You can’t complete a job because of a broken machine. What were
you trying to do? You know how to achieve the same results with a
much older technique, but you’ll need help. Who do you ask? Why them?
searching darkness, baking pies, sending secrets, rare supplies

asks *Kiel* for help at the library, for research
they tell me that they've actually been planning to go pursue being a witch in their own right.
They've been in contact with a witch in Lowham who might be open to teachign them.

# The Hierophant Rituals
*thinning of the veil*

Rites. They’re starting to trust you. What vital temple role have they been
teaching you? Why do you have to do it on your own today? Always risky.
reading the signs, precision tuning, choosing the songs, garden pruning

> [!abstract] Craft
> There are times to create and times to rest. Make sure to create and rest.

# Eight of Coins
*wild weather*

You’ve been practicing to improve a specific part of your craft.
What’s behind this singular focus? It’s working, you can see yourself
getting better—but what opportunities have you had to miss out on?
joyful practice, mindful calm, former failure, fear of harm

better at weather manipulation, loss of enjoying the weather
been in contact with the *Windfall* for advice

You’ve caused some damage, but fortunately nothing irreversible.
Will it take hours, days or weeks to fix? What small pleasure do you
find in the work? Write a new experience under the skill you were using.
morning birdsong, honest labour, simple progress, friendly neighbour

> [!abstract] Craft
> Consequence: 5
> Nature does what it does for a reason.

# Justice Rests
*when you let it go + special confidant*

No breaks. You convince them to take an evening off. Where do you go?
While you’re there, they notice something suspect. Do you investigate?
riverside amble, music night, gallery visit, broomstick flight

# Death
*if you look inside*

You’re doing a job for someone at
their home. As you work, you start
to notice signs of loss all around
you. What’s most obvious? With
gentle questioning, Death quietly
confides in you about their pain.
empty chair, golden frame,
faded glory, whispered name
You realise the job is connected to
this traumatic event. How does
that change how you go about
your work? What relief or closure is
it clear you’re helping provide?

# The World Renewed
*surprising affection*

Renewal. They ask you to fix a small shrine or monument. What simple
work is required? How has the space changed when you’re finished?
hubbub quieted, flowers blooming, quarrels placated, shadows looming

At the centre of the *olive cemetery* is the *Threaded Shrine*, a once-fractured depiction of the river and the city.

# Rest

> [!abstract] Craft
> Things hold great emotion.

> [!NOTE] To Aunty Winnow,
> Coda: Balance
> You are both a witch and a teenager. These roles are burdened
with demands and expectations—often in opposition. Which role do you
find most comfortable? Has that role brought you the most joy over this
past year? What does that say about the balance you’ve struck?
tightrope walker, rooted tree, non-stop-half-done, drifting free
> Reflection: Self-reliance
> You are completely reliant on your own abilities now. What
have you enjoyed doing your own way? What has made you feel alone?
> Reflection: Competence
> You’ve become good at a certain type of job, and people
respect you for it. Who was the customer that helped you realise this? - *Hanami*