---
{"dg-publish":true,"permalink":"/TTRPG/Solo/Journal of Rue Softsong/Koriko - The Year in Innes-on-High/06. Winter/"}
---


> [!quote] [[TTRPG/Solo/Journal of Rue Softsong/Koriko - The Year in Innes-on-High/05. Autumn\|05. Autumn]] < [[TTRPG/Solo/Journal of Rue Softsong/The Journal of Rue Softsong\|The Journal of Rue Softsong]] > [[TTRPG/Solo/Journal of Rue Softsong/Koriko - The Year in Innes-on-High/07. Year's End\|07. Year's End]]

### Twists
|  |  |  |  |
| ---- | ---- | ---- | ---- |
| frosty reception (r) |  | a warm embrace |  |
| ugly sweater |  |  |  |
| clearing a path | the same mistake (r) |  |  |
| sinking beneath (r) | a silent night |  |  |

# Five of Coins
*clearing a path*

You cross paths with a destitute family. What temporary relief can
you offer? Lasting support is available to them, but they won’t take
it. Why not? Can you help them find more security, or is it not your place?
prideful folly, future debts, faith forbidden, landlord’s threats

the Hinter family
they won't take up the community gardens, as they used to own swathes of farms that they lost in the silver curse
i offer connections to farmer green, to buy more farms, but can do no more
they long sold their farms, believing them to be worth nothing

# Ace of Cups
*the same mistake*

You visit your favourite spot in the city. Where do you sit, and what
do you drink? You observe a simple scene—something that could
happen any day here. How have you changed since leaving home?
sunrise coffee, riverside jog, park-slope picnic, lonely old dog

I leave my body, just for a bit.
I'm in Silver's Tower, overlooking the square and the markets

I decided to head back to the Loch, and found a circle of soft chalk and dark poppies. I sat there, kneeling in the grass for - well, the movement of the sun said two hours, but it's always an odd experience to try and describe how time passes when your mind leaves the body and begins to wander.

There, a soft voice responded, like snow landing, and out of the water walked a striped lynx, calling back in a low rumble that I could feel in my ribs.

Sleet is their name, as I know my own, as they stepped into the circle of stone and flower to stare into my eyes. I'm glad we found each other now.

We talk as we return to.

> [!abstract] Power
> Perfect practice develops skill.

# Justice Enacted
*sinking beneath*

The trial concludes tomorrow, and your friend has constructed a strong
case. What questionable evidence does the opposition produce at the
last minute to undermine your friend’s argument? How do they react?
shaky footage, witness lies, bloody ledger, cunning guise

You can see there’s magical deception at play here. How
could you dispel the trick without compromising the case?

I leave my body for a bit, again.

> [!abstract] Power
> There is always another option.

# The Hierophant Rests
*ugly sweater*

You go to see them, but there’s a red letter stapled to their temple door.
They sit nearby, just as you first met. Their space is being forced to close.
Why? What are they drinking instead of their usual ritual beverage?
hostile bid, dying business, past transgression, creeping illness

You’re surprised to see them smile. How have they made peace with
their work’s end? How do you help them celebrate their retirement?

# Three of Coins
*frosty reception + additional hangout*

A trio of artists are working together on an ambitious project. What
is it? Progress is stalling and tensions run high, so they come to you
for help. What obstacle blocks their way? Why is it such a sensitive issue?
fear of failing, lover’s rift, missing pieces, poisoned gift

It's the *Tumbling Tankards*, but the Maestro has a starring couple who cannot trust each other
I offer both a space of truth and non-judgement, and do couples' counselling.
*Wan Yves* and *Nyx Frost*

> [!abstract] Care
> Everyone believes themselves to be a righteous person.

# The Tower Rests
*a warm embrace*

Lightness. You’re surprised when, in a cafe, they sit with you. How do they
seem different? What interest are you surprised to discover you share?
clear eyes, dressed smart, eager smile, open heart

They talk about Fifteen, how they've taken her under their wing, training and protecting them
They can't take as many risks, but they have more to work for, more to live for

# The World Revealed
*a silent night*

Hidden. They reveal a concealed, liminal space to you. What hides it from
view by most people? What strange creature makes its home here?
goblin shopkeep, garbage snake, wizened dryad, withered drake

They reveal the *Hidden Waters* and the *Kraven* that resides within

# Rest

> [!abstract] Care
> An ending is not always the end.

> [!NOTE] To Aunty Winnow,
> Coda: Present
> Your friends work together to do something really lovely for you.
What gift do you receive? Why did they feel you needed it? You invite
them all to dinner to say thanks. What do you cook? Who makes excuses
and never shows? Who makes everyone laugh? Who's the last to leave?
beautiful signage, home renovation, elegant moped, true admiration
> Reflection: Hooks
> You’ve been here for almost a year now. What, or who, are you
most attached to in the city? How would it feel to leave that all behind?
> Reflection: Small talk
> Write something about grey skies or warm drinks. What have
you begun to realise about yourself that you’re not yet ready to share?