---
{"dg-publish":true,"permalink":"/TTRPG/Solo/Journal of Rue Softsong/Grimoire/4.1 Ailments - Novice/"}
---

> [!quote] [[TTRPG/Solo/Journal of Rue Softsong/The Journal of Rue Softsong\|The Journal of Rue Softsong]]

## Toad Nose
**Tags:** Warts ☆, Mood ☆

Used to be that they called it Witch’s Nose. Thankfully enough people got turned into pigs for them to change it. Essentially just a wart, the afflicted might have more if unlucky.

### Potion of Soft Skin
**Tags:** Warts ☆, Mood ☆, Sweet +1

[[TTRPG/Solo/Journal of Rue Softsong/Grimoire/3. Reagents#Song-berries\|3. Reagents#Song-berries]], crushed into a powder
[[TTRPG/Solo/Journal of Rue Softsong/Grimoire/3. Reagents#Smooth-Croak\|3. Reagents#Smooth-Croak]], roiling boil till clear

Reduce cauldron to a simmer, add the power. 
Mix until combined, and leave to simmer for 10 minutes.
Reduce to body temperature and bottle.

Apply in a thick paste to affected area, every twelve hours, for five days.

---

## Wounded
**Tags:** Wound ☆, Pain ☆

**Timer:** 6
**Consequence:** They are rushed to the village doctor. Lose 1 Reputation.

An extremely common occurrence. Whether it be by accident or from a duel, bandit ambush, or beast attack, the afflicted has a serious wound.

### Minor Potion of Healing
**Tags:** Wound ☆, Pain ☆, Burn ☆, Sweet 1

**Surgeon's Sap**, strained
**Hiker's Helper**, two or three leaves

Boil 2 cups of spring-water until roiling. 
Add the leaves and immediately cut the heat.
Once room temperature, add to the sap until a paste.

Apply the thick paste to the affected area, and wash off after twelve hours.
If the wound is still exposed, return for a stronger heal, or reapply the paste for another twelve hours.

---

## Frogified
**Tags:** Wart ☆, Poison ☆

**Timer:** 6
**Consequence:** They are rushed to the village doctor. Lose Reputation.

After some clever clog wrote a story about kissing a frog and getting a prince,
witches have had to deal with a flood of hopeless romantics getting warty lips
and poisoned.

### Potion of a Prince's Kiss
**Tags:** Warts ☆, Poison ☆

[[TTRPG/Solo/Journal of Rue Softsong/Grimoire/3. Reagents#Skullcap\|3. Reagents#Skullcap]], cap is crushed
[[TTRPG/Solo/Journal of Rue Softsong/Grimoire/3. Reagents#Smooth-Croak\|3. Reagents#Smooth-Croak]], mucus is boiled

Method

Rub against your lips and gums until the poison fades. 
Don't keep applying it, even if the warts remain, they will fade over the next 24 hours naturally.

---

## Ailment
**Tags:** Tag ☆, Tag ☆

**Timer:** x
**Consequence:** text

Description

### Potion
**Tags:** Tag ☆, Tag ☆, Sweet +1 

[[TTRPG/Solo/Journal of Rue Softsong/Grimoire/3. Reagents#One\|3. Reagents#One]], prep
[[TTRPG/Solo/Journal of Rue Softsong/Grimoire/3. Reagents#Two\|3. Reagents#Two]], prep

Method

Application

---
