---
{"dg-publish":true,"permalink":"/290-299 TTRPG Notes/295 Current Games/21 Twin Lands/2. Cave Diving/"}
---


[[290-299 TTRPG Notes/295 Current Games/21 Twin Lands/1 - Poisonous Plans\|1 - Poisonous Plans]] | [[290-299 TTRPG Notes/295 Current Games/21 Twin Lands/Twin Lands Notes\|Twin Lands Notes]] | [[290-299 TTRPG Notes/295 Current Games/21 Twin Lands/3. anywyn\|3. anywyn]]

Arrive & enter the cave

the floor stops, and there's a steep drop heading straight down

Eilidh drops a lit torch, it goes out halfway through but clatters roughly further down.
We tie our rope together, and to a tree outside.

Taron heads down first
Lands on a ledge, further 15ft down is a river going through the cave, torch now sodden

Anam goes next, rolling a 4, disturbing a colony of bats all the way down.
Stygna gets an 8, slipping all the way down.
Ratty gets a 21, going slow.
Eilidh gets a 19, getting down real easy.

Following the stream south, and the cave slowly gets more and more cramped, the wind against us is getting stronger.
The water gets deeper, then shallower, before opening up into a cavern system with an abyss (500m across) into the centre where all these different rivers are funnelling into.

---

We head back to the original cavern, try to find some of the other paths out.
The water level has been rising.

Original cave, there's a squeeze, then a chimney up.
Taron manages to get under the rock, then Stygna climbs up with the rope.
Eilidh also heads up, anchoring the rope for everyone else to get up.

Through the chimney, then the passageway curves around, and we can hear a faint hissing water sound.
Think that gas is coming up through the cracks in the cave - potentially poisonous

Wrap bandana around face, and we start to head through quickly.
Taron charges forward, falling straight into a drop through the floor into another river.
He jams his axe into the wall, now stuck halfway up on the other side.
Anam tries to jump across, fails, and starts falling.
Taron pulls his axe out the wall, and goes after Anam.

They start floating down the river, we toss one end of the rope down to them.
Grab them, manage to pull them up.
Crossing this rickety bridge, Styg goes first, it's fine.
Anam next, and it breaks, and we have to pull Anam back up.
Taron goes next, stress testing the bridge.
Taron and Eilidh hold the rope between them
Everyone gets across, but the bridge is no fully gone.

---

Keep going down the corridor, which starts looking like its been carved out.
There may have once been steps, but now long corroded, and the tunnel starts to flood again.

Around the corner, underwater, there's a vaguely blue glow in these submerged ruins.
Continue following the corridor, finding air pockets all along, before it opens out.
We emerge from the water, and head up a corridor.

There's a boulder blocking the way, an inscription on the stone :
> Man gorffwys olaf storm y gaeaf
> The final resting place of Winter Storm

Probably the name of a teig - due to the naming convention
For one to be named after a storm, they must be quite powerful.

As Eilidh and Taron move the stone, we can see a tomb on a dais, cracked open, and a skeleton leaning against it.
Halfway through, there's a mechanism at the top - Stygna undoes it.
The rock is out of the way.

Anam walks in, reading an inscription on the slab:
> ?
> Her soul as mighty as her axe. May she find a way to fight her way through the lost lands.

Anam pokes the skeleton, and the head just falls off.
She takes the book - a simple, very aged, leather bound book.

Taron peeks into the tomb - a massive skeleton with two horns, one snapped in half.
There's a pendant on a chain and the skeleton is clutching the head of an ornate, no longer in good condition, battleaxe. 

Taron takes the axe head - one side is a tough embellished boar, center is a raven, the other side is a wolf head.
Eilidh takes the pednant, with the same three engravings.
Taron thinks there may have been clans, no long dead, that had those emblems - perhaps even before the tears of time.

---

Taron and Anam do a lil ritual to apologise, then we all head out, into the continuing corridor.

There's a rockfall - but after an hour of moving them, we can see daylight through it!

Then, in the distance, we hear two voices.
A - why do you have to be down here anyway?

Styg stealths closer.
Doesn't get caught, but they stop talking about the thing, then slowly resume.
A - There's toxic gas down here, it's why no-one mines down here.

We stealth towards the exit of the cave system.
We've managed to pass through over the mountains, and to the rolling hills beyond.

We make it to the forest edge, along the eastern trade route.
We get a little bit in, and settle down for the night.

Taron kills a rare red tree lizard to eat.

Taron and Ratty take first watch - have a lil convo about why we're here and why our partners are here.
Styg and Eilidh take second - don't really chat.

---

Wake up the next morning
Look at the two items - Ratty notices a magic aura coming from the pendant.

The pendant is warded via an etching on the inside, and linked to the axe.
- Bringing them together in a certain way might alter the axe
- Touch the raven part of the pendant with the raven of the axe and they mould together to form a huge spear.
- Boar - forms the full axe
- Wolf - two axes with a chain linking them.

Anam can sense that they were made by a very skilled smith and then warded - somehow the wards have still kept their potency.

---

