---
{"dg-publish":true,"permalink":"/290-299 TTRPG Notes/295 Current Games/21 Twin Lands/3. anywyn/"}
---


[[290-299 TTRPG Notes/295 Current Games/21 Twin Lands/2. Cave Diving\|2. Cave Diving]] | [[290-299 TTRPG Notes/295 Current Games/21 Twin Lands/Twin Lands Notes\|Twin Lands Notes]] | [[4. anywyn\|4. anywyn]] 17/05/23

After a few days of travelling, we all start to notice green veins starting to grow under our skin.

We decide to head to Takaluk to search for a healer - a nearby seedy town
get the sense there's a bit of a pandemic (bunch of people with boils etc) in the city rn

head to marketplace
snake oils salesman - selling cure all goat piss
taron exchanges a rat tail for it
he figures out its goats piss, heads back, smashes the stall
taron gets halted by some guards - three of them threatening to arrest him

taron - 'it's about time you turned up! i don't need a reward, thank you, but he's been scamming people'
gang persuades the guards that the old man was a con artist, and they arrest him instead
guards - 'its a shame that, he was the only hope these people had left after the sacking of the temple'

we all start heading towards the temple - a stone building that's been demolished and burnt, has been for a couple of years

---

head to nearby tavern (taron in the tavern)
styg - 'are the bells ringing?'
innkeep - 'aye up that'

styg sends over 10gp
innkeep motions to a kid - 'show them where the dice are'
kid leads us through some closed and guarded gates

arrive at a high end drinking complex
smoke in the air, games going on, led through the back, and left there
styg to the boy, one hand on heart and one to the sky - 'keep the waters blue, yeah'

we have to hang out in the waiting room for 15/20 min
a tall woman with a thin veil comes in, sits down, and looks at us
woman - 'ah you need healers? that is unfortunate. there are none left in the city, but we have a few select people. The twins will see you, if you can pay the price'
then she just leaves

taron - 'if there's a blood price, perhaps that one' (points at ratty)
Eilidh - 'absolutely not'
taron - 'what about that one?' (points at eilidh)
ratty - 'fuck off'

after a while, the double doors leading in unlocks, and opens on their own
inside, an ornate room with blood red carpet, a throne, with two armoured figures (perhaps twins)
all enter and the door closes behind us

styg - 'apparently you can help us?' (points at our green veins)

twins - 'there will be a price'
ratty - 'i know how shopping works? what the fuck is going on?'
twin - 'so you want to see the goods'
a secret door opens to the side
a figure in chains and a blue robe is dragged in - a priest

twins - 'for 600 gp each, he will heal you'
twins - 'otherwise, there is something you can do. there is a decommissioned building with a vault. it has an item we are interested in'
twin - 'our warder Laces? will come with you. you don't need to know any more'

through the door, a young girl (around 12) comes through, and bows to the pair
girl, in a voice of an adult - 'go prepare, we meet back here at midnight'

---

we head to the market
grab some medicine packs, lockpicks, etc

---

back to the rich place (a club) for midnight
Laces meets us, and leads us through the city to a large and long abandoned complex
Laces - 'This used to be a Vault. There guards are quite light, because each door is warded. I can get past these doors, but can't be distracted, which is where you come in.'

we head on in through the main door
there are two guards who immediately realises we're breaking in - roll initative
we kill them both

---

start heading down
styg goes first, spots a guy with a blue torch that doesn't give off heat, and crates with wild dogs
his turn - holds up his torch (definitely warded) and we're all surrounded in a blue aura

we fight
taron ends up raging