---
{"dg-publish":true,"permalink":"/290-299 TTRPG Notes/295 Current Games/10 Bubble Pop/10.04 Game Notes s2/1. Mission Assigned/"}
---


[[290-299 TTRPG Notes/295 Current Games/10 Bubble Pop/10.03 Game Notes s1/16. Meetup\|16. Meetup]] -> [[290-299 TTRPG Notes/295 Current Games/10 Bubble Pop/10.04 Game Notes s2/2. Bubble Tea Time\|2. Bubble Tea Time]]

BP - 9.4 - Mission Assigned

Underground has 4 tiers
1 - one-way entrance, security. Only security forces get weapons, which are tracked.
2 - agriculture, farming, engineering. Production.
3 - Main security hub, weapons made, training areas. Lei lives here (doesn't do missions anymore). War council rooms (none of us have gone in).
4 - Civilian housing, schooling. 
Sec lives on 3 & 1. New ppl live on 1 in temp housing.

Alanis - the massacre was signaled by the death of HMWM
- two sets of fire escape instructions
-- only teachers not involved (magic users)
-- high ranking politicians were (especially mr and mrs reid)

Ansel - returns with a stone eye
- List of Middlesborough dead includes
-- Marjorie Fizzdeck and their older sister (youngest alive, location unknown)
-- Survivors maybe taken to Darkpit

Nyx - hasn't talked about the grandma
- Lots of wandering in the forest
- Teaching younger mutants self-defense (Maude, Aravine, Darlene, Cett)

Yobi - [[290-299 TTRPG Notes/295 Current Games/10 Bubble Pop/10.00 Wiki/Party/Ingram\|Ingram]] has a family
- Researching darker magic and curses
-- Removes their curse, doesn't see auras or ghosts
-- No longer wear bandages over his eyes
- Mother figures in Siruth and Grace (long blonde hair and red eyes)
-- They work in field & forest

Skylar - parents aren't dead, but had to part
- Doing rescue missions and helping people out the massacre
-- Team under leader Randall - who has wolf ears

Taylor - Now Victoria
- Now General, only goes out for rescue missions and to help kids
- No longer hides her grey eyes

We all head to a council meeting
Prescott 'Troubling report from Darkpit. Ppl having life and power drained, mostly your age.'
Everyone but Al is going.
Prescott 'Individuals from Middlesborough have been turning up there recently'

Al hugs everyone goodbye.
Vicky torn between sending Ansel off on good terms or a bitch slap.

Everyone teleports to [[290-299 TTRPG Notes/295 Current Games/10 Bubble Pop/10.00 Wiki/Locations/Darkpit\|Darkpit]].

It's medieval style, with cobblestone streets and braziers
- Night time, only guards around, with a symbol of an eye on their armour
-- From church of Helm
-- Will only act aggressively if provoked

Group stealths, overhears the guards
- 'All survivors in temporary housing by forest. Youngest start Abyss High tomorrow.'

Penny perched, watching the temp housing for the past few hours.
- All teachers, survivors and the guilty are there. Roughly 2k ppl
-- No animosity between them (?)

Group stealth in, Penny watching
- Group debate whether to be themselves
- Nyx heads into mess hall
-- Ppl are tired after travelling for a year
-- [[290-299 TTRPG Notes/295 Current Games/10 Bubble Pop/10.00 Wiki/People/Benjy\|Benjy]] is alive! Winks at Nyx
- Can see [[290-299 TTRPG Notes/295 Current Games/10 Bubble Pop/10.00 Wiki/Teams/Blaze Bandits\|Blaze Bandits]] 
-- Leaders Peter Kerzach (tall black guy) and Richard Crestvale (mousy white dude) are having a debate
--- 'Don't know what the teachers are gonna be like. Do we go to school?'
- Benjy might think Taylor is still dead.