---
{"dg-publish":true,"permalink":"/290-299 TTRPG Notes/295 Current Games/10 Bubble Pop/10.04 Game Notes s2/14. Free  the mind/"}
---


5/11 | [[290-299 TTRPG Notes/295 Current Games/10 Bubble Pop/10.04 Game Notes s2/Bubble Pop S2\|Bubble Pop S2]] | [[290-299 TTRPG Notes/295 Current Games/10 Bubble Pop/10.04 Game Notes s2/13. Where is everyone\|13. Where is everyone]] -> [[290-299 TTRPG Notes/295 Current Games/10 Bubble Pop/10.04 Game Notes s2/15. The Big Reveal times two\|15. The Big Reveal times two]]

Fight club - waiting for ppl to arrive

Turn up
Catch up

who has Yobi? 
achy recognises it as Shara - Aurenian goddess of the night (malevolent) - counterpart to Selune
Domain is horrific - originally in the Plane of Shadows - Plane of Loss - now in Astral Sea - Shadowfell

old team create summoning circle here vs new team + al head to house

demons have magic resistance - adv on any saving throw

penny steps into the house
the vibe is Off - too quiet, house is further damaged

p: ria, ven, i brought friends ~
ria: here~ come see what we've done w/ your friends~

head to dining bar area
posed at the table are all penny's friends - each in a diff pose of normality of a tea party

r: you're here for tea! we'd hoped you'd join us again!
penny detect thoughts on Conrad
gets to chat with him - tries to bait him out
gets pushed out of him, his eyes turn silver (colour of his magc)
it bursts out, encasing him
this armoured shadowy demon appears next to him
conrad hits him with his summoned swords (mutation)

ansel goes for a manipulate emotions - tries to hit bella
she fights, but can't get out - doesn't have her own magic to get the way out

ACHYLS TAKES 53 DAMAGE
DOWNED

penny detect thoughts bella
good convo
proves her id (turns out penny tricked her before? got them into this mess?)

vul: radiant
res to : non silver, cold, piercing,
immune : poison, fire

CONRAD GOES DOWN
HES DEADEAD

penny choose ren demon straight through the chest
ansel brings him back up

achy gets final blow on bella demon