---
{"dg-publish":true,"permalink":"/290-299-ttrpg-notes/295-current-games/10-bubble-pop/10-04-game-notes-s2/16-what-for-do-you-mourn/"}
---


<< [[290-299 TTRPG Notes/295 Current Games/10 Bubble Pop/10.04 Game Notes s2/15. The Big Reveal times two\|15. The Big Reveal times two]] | [[290-299 TTRPG Notes/295 Current Games/10 Bubble Pop/10.04 Game Notes s2/Bubble Pop S2\|Bubble Pop S2]] | [[17. \|17. ]] >>

Start investigating the school
building feels like final boss fight is gonna happen soon
void of noise deeper in the earth - not sure if that's normal or because there's an absence of it

can't sense anything specific on the campus
the pressure on the glass itself is what cracks the bubble
there's no actual energy or magic signature - on the bubble or generator
detect magic would only work if you were right in front of it

al turns into a cheetah, achy on back, 15 min to school
hp: 32-2 = 30-4 =26

team 1 start sprinting through the school
can't see any disturbances
area by the gym that's giving a 'do not notice' vibe
where the pile of bodies during the fight was
Lando Dispel's Magic it

al and achy turn up
open the door
walk 15ft, before achy hits a ? invisble wall
similar to the one in the abyss - something has to be sacrificed to get through
exact nature - ?

benjy heads to front, pushes a diary through, there's a gold shimmer, then he's able to pass through
turns to us 'i think we have to give something up'

al tries to push through some fur
then a pen nyx just gave them

everyone pushes things through

another 15ft
another barrier - asking for blood
next barrier - A power / magic ability
next - knowledge
achy: i wrote lei's fate myself, but she defied it
lei uses her mutation, walks up to achy, achy crumbles to the floor

achy stood in an apartment (Damien's), lei lounging on a sofa
lei: i feel like we should have a chat
achy: i don't think that's necessary
lei: not necessary to kill me?
achy: that's not what i meant, all i wanted to do was delay the ritual! i was upset, betrayed!
lei: you felt betrayed so you betrayed someone else?
achy: it's easier when you don't know them. you're going to die anyway, what does it matter if it's done sooner?
lei: it matters to those who care about me. let me give you a crash course on who i am, cause maybe you won't stab me in the back with a poison dagger
achy crumples to the floor again, overwhelmed with lei's memories, of the team, of middlesborough, the underground, etc
it's extremely mentally painful
lei: do you have any remorse now? 
achy: how? you? so much pain, suffering, but so much love, happiness. how do you do it?
lei: I chose a family, or they choose me.  alanis is _very_ persistent in what they want. but i never let what _could_ happen dictate what i do. i never let what someone _else_ has done to me be a reason to hurt others. and you hurt my family by hurting me.
achy: my family hurt me, my friends hurt me, what is left for me but to watch the world burn?
lei: we were. and we would've succeeded. you were hurting, i understand, but now you've hurt others
achy: it's done, the clock has already ticked
lei: they have, but when we walk in there, we'll have to face the worse
achy: my father is working for baphomet! what can i do?
lei: you choose a side. if you don't, you'll stay trapped in this hell forever
achy: then i guess i'm a weapon in your hands
lei: i don't want a weapon, i wanted a friend
achy: so did i, once
lei: you can fix this, you've just got to give everyone a chance

lei puts their bracelet back on
walks through the barrier

damien's secret : the possession notebook, he was writing his proposal speech and planning all that out, and had been since before the attack, the rings were being made by ansel's parents and may not have been finished

everyone else, but taylor and achy are through
taylor: wtf dude. you were mad at penny for hurting ppl for the people they loved. you hurt us because ? 
achy: ive lost count of how many people i've tried to save

taylor: were the ball bearings on purpose
achy: my hand slipped
(lie), but penny and alanis don't catch

taylor: how do i know that you aren't just ... leading us into a trap? or working for your dad?
achy: because i want him dead, and you can help me
taylor: is that a recent development?
achy: ive had an inkling for a few weeks
taylor: after this is over, i'm coming after your ass

re the barrier
achy: after you, taytay
taylor blasts achy through
achy goes unconscious

taylor walks up to the barrier
t: my kill count ... it currently sits at 843, at the direction of hmwm, and i completely understand if that changes people's opinions of me, but i remember every single one of them

next one - sacrifice love
al - achy
achy - mother
ansel - al
nyx - yobi
penny - father
taylor - al
benjy - olly
polycule - taylor
twins - each other