---
{"dg-publish":true,"permalink":"/290-299-ttrpg-notes/295-current-games/11-weeping-city/11-03-notes/21-11-21-who-are-you/"}
---


3 miles below the surface
2 great waterfalls
Feywild and Orinaya peace has been disturbed
Surface elves and drow blame the other

    We open in the Underdark, 3 miles below the World Above – under the Oron Aia, an ice-capped mountain range where the veil separating the Material Plane and the Feywild is strangely thin. Through the dark caves and winding tunnels beneath – to a large, walled cavern – Nilwelv. A large, drow city under strict, Lolthite regime, known for its two great waterfalls and bright blue mushroom fields growing on the cavern ceiling. It is a city staggered into three, walled districts – the most wealthy live in Amrinti, high above Nyndinla, and higher still above Arl’She. We open in a Nilwelv unlike the Nilwelv you know – the city is on the precipice of war. In recent years, the harmony observed between the Feywild and Nilwelv/the Feywild and the Oron Aia has been disturbed. Tensions are rising between the drow and the surface elves as to who is to blame.

Ardulae – council chambers
purple light from gems in the walls
banners of Shalvlyl
stone pillars circling set of stairs with table and five thrones surrounding
five matrons, and standing behind, their eldest daughters

end of meeting
surface elves outside GREYROCK
– prepping for the war
– Faeryl 'The Great War is approaching. We should prepare.'
– Myrel 'DMH assassinating merchants for weeks'
– Eos ' Do you not know what your hand is doing?'
– Myrel 'You are suggesting a cull on the city's merchants. We will fall into ruin.'
– Saba 'YOU will fall into ruin'
– Let us take a vote
– 5 women from shadows, giving a token of black stone and of white stone
Adjudicator – A hooded figure, entirely obscured, silently enters the room; in the bone white hands reaching out from their black robes – a box, made of shimmering, petrified silk webs.
– Iymes gave the stones to Eos to vote (breaking the unspoken rules)
– 3 white, 2 black
Iymes staring where Saba was sat. 'Go to [[290-299 TTRPG Notes/295 Current Games/11 Weeping City/11.02 Wiki/003. Houses/Council/Desor\|Desor]]. It's time to broker revenge.'

Wyds – markets and uncomfy
Wood elf closing down shop – ARVEN, apprentice enchanter. platinum necklace, teardrop locket filled with water(?)
Sasrene contracted by DMH to kill her, 30GP reward. contact in the [[290-299 TTRPG Notes/295 Current Games/11 Weeping City/11.02 Wiki/004. Organisations/Groups/Collectors\|COLLECTORS]] is offering 1500 GP for the necklace, waiting the Dark Keep in Intra

Sas aided by a 'Vibe' – voice poking out from her hair – little friend?
Sas basically oneshots Arven
– the hit sounds hollow, not fleshy
– slits her throat
Arven's arm is wooden (not prosthetic, but growing up her arm – like a petrifying disease?)

Theatre District – The Cresent, out the Ivory Theatre
Sas (known as the Shadowed Death) meets a Hooded Figure
– they have promised the necklace to someone else
– they (also) have glowing red eyes
wierd interact lmao
Sas heads back to the guild

Shelby heads to 'Bone Buiding'
– about Sas 'They took my breath away'
– meets [[290-299 TTRPG Notes/295 Current Games/11 Weeping City/11.02 Wiki/005. People/NPCs/Wisp\|WISP]] SYLVALANE, a tall blue-skinned woman, with a wide brimmed hat and cloud hair
HF gives the necklace
Wisp 'you should go, dear. You know he doesn't like you.'
– hear a soft familiar twinkling as she breathes out the smoke from her fancy long pipe
the smoke condenses into a small watery figure
– he asks in multiple voices like rain 'Do you have which I have asked'
wisp gives it
– he says 'You are free, Wisp Sylvalane'
– and dissapears
– she throws down and breaks the pipe

Still in Ekel – the Handsom Duregar
– large fighting ring in the center of pub
– deep dwarf vs half orc. Dwarf wins
Atton is in the audience cheering and running bets
– wearing purple chainmail :eyes:
old man insults Atton 'You drag the Shalvyl name through the dirt, you coward'
– has a little Shalvyl pin on his old cloak
barkeep – IRINA – old lady (Atton calls her ReeRee)
– atton gets a round for everyone
– old man knocks the drink over 'Your father would be ashamed. Does he know you're out here?'
– atton 'wtf dude'
– old man swings
– atton summouns an echo 'I'll let you leave'
– man finally leaves – gets hit by the doors opening
– 4 soldiers, wearing shalvyl colours, enter (city guards)
– atton leaves with them, leaving winnings as a rip

Garlick outside scrabbling in bins for a silver spoon
– told to come back by their friend BET
atton pushed out of tavern by soldiers, lands infront of garlick
– garlick finds their spoon
atton is wearing nice clothes with a silver charm on their belt
– garlick 'cleans' atton with a hanky
– garlick held in place by the soldiers, starts panicking at the touch 'reskinned rage'
– guard offers piece of chainmail
– garlick snatches and catches his hand for dmg, before backing up

everyone in party feels a sudden chill
– cold wind whips past but everyone else seems unaware
– voice 'Come, this way'
– stone archway materialises on a close wall

Eos steps through, looking at the runes and glyphs etches into the archway – related to elvish?
Sas steps through (their friend? might disappear) saying 'Fate is bullshit'
Wisp doesn't hear HF, like time is going on without us. HF tries to throw a tomato, it leaves their hand before returning
Atton walks through, dissapearing from Garlick's sight

All step into the dark, wind grows sharper, archway fades away
Wind to white like silk or snow, shifting figure of a man appears
WIS save – so alien its frightening to atton, garlick, sas
cacophancy of joyous voices 'Delight! For YOU have been CHOSEN by [[290-299 TTRPG Notes/295 Current Games/11 Weeping City/11.02 Wiki/005. People/Gods/The Ice Queen\|The Ice Queen]], the Queen of the Ice Mountains, for salient duty, in her service. Should YOU accept, YOU WILL BE SPUN with a WISH. That which YOU WISH most.'

We all see (seperate) visions of that wish
'Your duty to the Ice Queen – You must remove [[290-299 TTRPG Notes/295 Current Games/11 Weeping City/11.02 Wiki/005. People/NPCs/Faeryl\|Faeryl]] [[290-299 TTRPG Notes/295 Current Games/11 Weeping City/11.02 Wiki/003. Houses/Council/La'val\|La'val]] from the board.'

Eos 'In what form will we recieve the wish'
A – the way we were showed, Is a vision of the future
E 'are they still alive?'
A – yes

Sas 'what if my wish changes'
A – you will recieve what you wish the most when you finish the contract
S 'I do it alone?'
A – others have been chosen. I will tell you where to find them
S 'If I refuse?'
A – wind around neck tightens, though it seems it is all fun and games to him

HF 'no other way to ask me, really?;
A – I have been sent by the Ice Queen. This is the way she expects you to accept
HF ' what stops me from betraying her?'
A – smiles, 'betrayal will not be tolerated', wind cuts for dmg

Atton 'how do I know this is real?'
A – wind slows, parts into a portal. Atton blinded by what he sees, afterimage of a smiling, blue-tinged face, and eyes of ice, like biblical angel

Garlick just slaps the hand in agreement after hearing Faeryl's name

Everyone takes the hand, palms burn with cold
'There are more chosen. Meet them at the Silk House.

Eos 'Who are you?'
A – many names said at once, but the key one is '[[290-299 TTRPG Notes/295 Current Games/11 Weeping City/11.02 Wiki/005. People/NPCs/Lord of Winter Winds\|Lord of Winter Winds]]'
Eos offers their name – 'and mine is Eosphorous.'

[[290-299 TTRPG Notes/295 Current Games/11 Weeping City/11.03 Notes/WC Calendar\|WC Calendar]] -> [[290-299 TTRPG Notes/295 Current Games/11 Weeping City/11.03 Notes/21.12.03 The Meeting\|21.12.03 The Meeting]]