---
{"dg-publish":true,"permalink":"/290-299-ttrpg-notes/295-current-games/11-weeping-city/11-03-notes/22-06-16-apocathery-heist/"}
---


Ulyess is Onys' dad? ?

Sas leaves safehouse – meets Veeren (2nd child of aurv) — wearing scaly short hooded cloak

garlick wakes up – starts looking around

sas drags veeren inside (floor above garlick) – two sets of golden eyes watching (the apprentices) sas heads to them – 'eleny??? sent us to watch you' – s 'what happened in those 5 hours' – m 'you seemed to be laughing about something a lot and asking about the auvryath usurping, anymore we need 15GP' – s gives it – m 'you seemed to be asking a lot about dragons'

garlick notices steps above – peeps eyes out the top of the trapdoor – spots veeren, goes into a panic

-   m 'the name was Urzel eorsee (?). You asked a lot of questions and the high priestess left after that
-   s 'eeleeny doesn't have the authority to send you after me'

garlick goes for a hug – g 'are you a ghost? am i dead? – s 'pls calm down, this needs to be a secret'

garlick's axes are beautifully ornate they head back down into the cave

s 'veeren, where are you here? v 'i think its time house auvry takes back the city. we've received word from a trusted source in house lirast that there is a draconic shard in the city' (truth) – shard is ghost of a dragon (common myth) – gem dragon dies, some of its mind stays behind, psychic remnant, usually left in big rocks, part of the hoard

v 'believed to be a shard of urzel. if we're able to resurect ... i need to get in touch w/ vyrick (desor animal handler, 3rd child of aurv)' s 'have u considered what this might mean ... for me' v 'i have extremely complicated feelings about you' s 'i literally went against my orders to save you, to save lyra' g 'garlick is in charge now! why were you talking about dragons?' s 'discussing our missing 5 hours' v – ? g 'who even are you?!' s 'let me explain. i used to go be the eldest daught of salvyl. the dmh saved my life. when i was told to take out the young ones of aurv, i infiltrated the house as a servant. i send my spiders after a fake lead so i could get the young ones out, but i said i killed them. i took them to a surface elf, Ero, who got them out on a pirate ship by Captain Ara. if it was found that I lied, I would be hunted and killed as a message. i understand if you want to hit me.' v 'lmao that shavyl stuff was new to me' – sas pulls off her wig and contacts

—

library squad

larina (?) staring at us with burning white eyes – anora behind the desk, better at hiding how mad she is

anora to fabia 'you've been requested to return to desor, Andry' – strangely quiet fabia flinches and follows them out – martha and eos also leave lmao — see troops heading towards elkel market

martha 'we should rest. i have a place in tarthrel'

head to the market – closing time – fae shop just about closing up – run by faun with long copper hair and heavily tattooed – Hazel – eos in disguise

h 'i live in silver spring (pretty close). had to travel to the feywild to get this thing. it's only accessible on a full moon, dive into the lake and you will enter Arshee. the stories i've been hearing, power in Arshee is shifting. domain currently ruled by the High Queen of the Ice Mountain. there's been talks of the Weeping Maiden returning to Orin Aai to restore it to how it was before the elves. WM claims the waters of the mountain as her own. WM wants to kill everyone, complete clean slate, above and below HQ rules over whole domain, WM just over water Domain is one of winter drow are pillaging elvish settlements. could have come from the fae. i don't understand why weapons would be given by either of them.'

—

garlick 'you save my family, so .... i forgive you' – sas goes to the chest, pulls out a necklace of brushed glass, lovely chain and a gem – s 'this was my mothers. its all i have left of her'

sas gives it to garlick – he pulls out a silver goblet and metal bracelet (engraved with T + N) for sas – gives a bent fork to Veeren

s 'veeren, if you are even spotted, that's an instant hit on me. be careful' g 'veeren, if you die (computer crashed here), i will kill you!'

v can be found at The Black Web – he fucks off

garlick's left leg buckles, wound turned black and brittle sas picks up garlick, heads to Tilly (medic spider) – tilly applies a paste, freezing is slowed 'this is fae magic, my balms can only do so much' – t 'i know of a salve that could work to cure fae sickness. get the ingredients from arcice apocathery in Ekel.' – t whispers to sas 'garlick has four hours, tops'

apocathery run by Ren Arcice (one of the sons) need – blightstraw bog water – barbed fairy bonnets – glass leaf

—

eos and martha head to apocathery – m won't take off the mask – e sits by the fountain – m tries to walk up side of the shop, slides under it — square room of dirt and shrooms — every 5 feet are 'sticks' jutting from the dirt, with a blue bag attached —– sticks are human hands partially decomposed, growing glowing blue shrooms —— bag is general nutriets, blue for fun —– bodies 'seem' to be dead, with faint pulse — m walks up the wall, out a hole in the ceiling —– tables with strips of raw sunshine above the plants, one side has a figure sleeping on a desk

eos brushes the coins in the fountain – sticky heavy presence, -4 psychic

garlick and sas turn up g shows eos some of their shiny things e reading the book from the library – anthology of underdark fairytales – fae in underdark and remnants of high magic – good number of stories of fae wearing peoples skins, while humans are in the plane of delight

martha helps sas inside – spots glass leaf, correspondence to other cities on desk, slightly open chest of gold – takes tray of the glass leaf & bonnets they sneak into the next room – bogwater in locked cabinet

martha takes off the mask and goes for a bite – (mask wasn't magical, darkvision must be natural) we all get in with Rei's keys – garlick uses a magic key to open the cabinet door — turns cabinet into another dimension where its just raining gold — grabs 40GP

sas' familiar distracts the guards, we all sneak out

[[290-299 TTRPG Notes/295 Current Games/11 Weeping City/11.03 Notes/22.04.24 A history of dragons\|22.04.24 A history of dragons]] -> [[290-299 TTRPG Notes/295 Current Games/11 Weeping City/11.03 Notes/WC Calendar\|WC Calendar]] -> [[290-299 TTRPG Notes/295 Current Games/11 Weeping City/11.03 Notes/22.07.05 Making Connections\|22.07.05 Making Connections]]