---
{"dg-publish":true,"permalink":"/290-299-ttrpg-notes/295-current-games/11-weeping-city/11-03-notes/22-10-21-secret-identities-galore/"}
---


martha arrives
accompanies by x4 big dudes
wearing almost cartoonishly generic clothing

eos hands necklace with rune to sas
sas turns 180 and walks straight past martha, also sas's them
sees house alveryn sigil pinned to guy's clothing
sas: whats your motive? why are you even here?

sas whispers to garlick : keep an eye on the shadows, their spines [AN: the spider's dart] are coming your way
g: is this a threat?
s: no, it's a warning. youre not on my hit list but you're on someone else's
sas leaves towards shelith

e: stay safe and i owe you a favour
[gets note]

eos to martha: new friends?
m: they seem helpful, i heard horrible things so brought them
seems to be telling the truth, with a lil spice
acting of own voilition

e: why did they agree to help you?
m: do ppl not do things out of good will?
e: no
m avoids the answer

eos asks to go back to body pit

Vinnie: Garlick doesn't start around dead bodies, but he ends around them

garlick heads home to shelith
eos as Martel - heads to body pit
hear commotion closer to Ekel
most of lower city - large angry crowd gathered
' a cult in the city? they're closing the gates!' 
shalvyl guards trying to corral ppl
head up to second tier - no guards
into body pit

eos - detect magic
profound lack of magic - dead zone except a ring on martha's finger
slim red band, abjuration magic
no div magic

eos and martha have a chat
reveal llargent identity
eos tells m that he's been told to bring her in
m doesn't know Lara'el

### next day

purple kobold power walking to garlick
part of veeren's crew
Snoss

'now is the time to fight'
garlick calls sas
'how would you feel about resurrecting a dragon today?'
veeren kidnapped veerick
veerick only one who knows how to cast this ritual

'the plan is, small team to collect the 20ft water fountain, take the crystal to aunelis and resurrect a dragon'

garlick and the 10 beefcakes head to Black Web for veeren

snoss: theyre closing the city, some kind of cult. will probably be a witch hunt

into bar - hooded veeren with two imposing dragonborn on either side
veeren tries a smile but its wierd and nervous
v: where are the others?
g: what? am i not enough?!

head into back corridor
garlick wants to see veerick
small room, chest at end of bend
on bed is Veerick, tied up
desor robes, purple eyes, crude rope gag
a beefy guy, other auvryath child (Lyra - very seaweathered) and older drow woman (pirate vibes, long white braid to floor) in room.
she has an ornate cane and hankerchief, coughs and stains it red

lyra: he's a traitor and deserves death
veeren: before we tell you the plan, we have one more surprise

drow lady steps forward: garlick, my child, my faithful apostle. it is I, Idrith
one of the OG dragons




[[290-299 TTRPG Notes/295 Current Games/11 Weeping City/11.03 Notes/22.08.25 Silk House Ambush\|22.08.25 Silk House Ambush]] -> [[290-299 TTRPG Notes/295 Current Games/11 Weeping City/11.03 Notes/WC Calendar\|WC Calendar]] -> [[290-299 TTRPG Notes/295 Current Games/11 Weeping City/11.03 Notes/22.12.12 Back Room Politics\|22.12.12 Back Room Politics]]