---
{"dg-publish":true,"permalink":"/290-299-ttrpg-notes/295-current-games/11-weeping-city/11-03-notes/22-12-12-back-room-politics/"}
---


[[290-299 TTRPG Notes/295 Current Games/11 Weeping City/11.03 Notes/22.10.21 Secret identities galore\|22.10.21 Secret identities galore]] | [[290-299 TTRPG Notes/295 Current Games/11 Weeping City/11.03 Notes/WC Calendar\|WC Calendar]] | ?

Garlick in the room w/ Veeren
Throws up in a corner
pulls out a 20ft wooden ladder from coat, hitting the ceiling

idrith: we have one more shock, you need to sit down
eeza also survived
when the house was attacked, our lair was ambushed (believed to be dmh)
the laval seers saw to it that the ambush would be when we're at our weakest
we killed the assassins, but were forced to retreat
she was taken to house laval for reasons we don't know
will you help us?

Garlick: tell me what i need to do

****

Snoss' other kobols were sent to find each of us

MARTHA
at house Alveirynn, at the lab
kobold finds her

martha: who sent you
kobol: idrith, not dead deep dragon, all three living members of house auvrayath, garlick (to some extent), some other ppl, we are gonna do a heist!
martha: what's your name?
kobold: digby
kobold: everyone is currently at the black web tavern, i can escort you there
martha: do you plan on me getting harmed in any way whatsoever?
kobold: not me, and i don't think anyone else!
martha: how did you get in?
kobold: i was already here, getting my treatment

head to tavern

FABIA
in room in desor

hear knock at door, grizzled kobold
kobold: you're fabia? 
fabia: I am, who's asking
kobold: fuckin.
kobold: Your friends need ur help with a heist
fabia: i thought that would be more convincing
kobold: i work for somebody very rich
fabia: i need insurance
kobold unclasps old chain w/ rusty ring from around neck: this was my grandma's, you can keep it until we get there

heads to tavern

SASRENE
did get contacted by garlick, headed to shalvyl house
sneaking there

EOS
talk to matron - does give necklace (should prevent being divined on)
stalking around looking for arnet
tug on robe by a a little young yellow kobold

kobold: eos?
eos: ....
kobold: some of your friends asked me to find you, if you want, to go
eos: ...who are you?
kobold: toad, envoy for, for, for, i can't tell you
eos: if it's a secret, they don't have any power. ... what do you mean, my friends?
toad: i've been sent on behalf of, ... i've been told that you're a little less than trustworthy. they're not in power now, but they will be by the end of the day. if that helps, i would hate to see you die, from being on the wrong side of the power shift. but garlick, and the others?
eos: ah, so plans are being set into motion today. inconvenient, but lead the way

heads to tavern
eos does a round of calls to people - hits up garlick, then fabia, then martha (finds out its black web tavern, finished call and says 'i cannot kill them, cannot kill them')
then sas - who hasn't got a kobold
sas: its a day for final showdowns
eos twigs where sas is going
a lil chat, eos actually kinda sees the point of sas going to kill their sis
eos: go get ur revenge, i'm for you, but i think it'd be nice if you waited a bit?
eos: i'll see you later or i'll see your familiar with your will, in a bit

sas phones garlick
garlick: are you not with fredrick?
sas: idk, i've been very sneaky this morning, do you need me?
garlick: we have a plan, but your plan was to do murder
sas: i'm going to go kill atrys shalvyl, she usurped my mother and tried to kill me
garlick: it's your day, do what you want, though it'd be nice to have you here
sas: she deserves to get thrown in a body pit
garlick: maybe a hug would work? but if not, you know where i am

sas calls eos back
sas: i need to at least see her
sas: the will is actually in my tent
eos: kill her for me
sas: keep them safe, you're the only one i trust with that

arnet doesn't respond to eos' comm
shadow men are around, might respond if i ask them something
casts identify on the amulet
eos as platin-ust when half an hour out from the inn

****

all at tavern
strangely empty considering its so near to the entrance to the city
no-one at the bar
someone in a circle booth - martha, hasn't met veeren before, but say hi
fabia and eos turn up

fabia recognises veerick, but wouldn't have spoken
doesn't recognise veeren
eos probs recognise veeren

veeren: if you're ready, i feel like i shouldn't tell you any more
eos: eh, half of us already know what's going on
veeren: ah. if you'd like to follow me to the back

beefy no-name steps out
lyra steps out - eos recognises and shallowly bows in recognition
see into room - tied up veerick, garlick, faint bell recognition idrith
eos sits on bed, pats veerick on the knee
veeren enters and closes the door behind everyone

eos: its good to see you all again, it's been a while
veeren clears throat, motions to idrith
idrith: it's good to see you all, there's no delicate way to put this, i am idrith, of what is left of house auvryath. you've all been called to help us do a heist!
i: we plan to take the fountain in ekel market to aunelis, and ressurect the dead dragon that is trapped in the crystal
i: the city guards are preoccupied with closing the city gates, in the lower tier of the city. we'll be in the unguarded middle tier. we need you and our assorted muscle to take out any guards that still might be there. once we're at the fountain, we will leave it to todd to grab the crystal

at base of bed, opens chest and pulls out small golden bird cage, with iridescent light blue toad inside. the toad blinks slowly. 
i: this is todd. he found us when we travelling in a sea hag lair. we're not entirely sure what he is, but we think of him as a living bag of holding.
i: the plan is, go to the crystal, team takes out the guards, if any, todd grabs crystal, todd regurgitates crystal in aunelis, veerick when then resurrect the dragon (erzel?)

i: we got sucked into the feywild, then a sea hag lair, with a coven of sea hags. todd came to our rescue, we all jumped inside him, and he jumped to safety
i: we think he's a portal, but a normal frog combined with some fae shit
i: as far as i'm aware, no deaths required. only physical component is the scale, which you already brought

martha: why are we supposed to help you?
i: we just need muscle
g: i thought we were friends?
m: i'm just worried about a dragon killing us all
i: erzel is a great guy, never tried to kill us (eos clocks that idrith is only telling a partial truth, there have been times where erzel (best guy of all the dragons) was not so great)

eos: what do you know of aunelis
i: i know it's empty, and the only feasible place in the city
eos: but why is it so empty?
i: ghost stories. 
i: we're planning on hitting the clearing that's pretty close to the cavern wall
eos: what if there was a distraction at house shalvyl

****

sas arrives, having sent a note to sis w/ familiar
calls eos, then feel presence behind her - skinny little dagger pressed up against her throat
recognises it as auvryath make
sas: please remove the knife from my throat, i'm here to help.
eos hears this and heads out to main room, sees lyra behind sas
lyra circles around sas, still knife at throat
sas: you look grown up
lyra: thanks to you
sas: yeah, the chance you have is due to mercy
lyra: wow, intresting choice of words. you're here to help us? i find that very hard to believe
sas: i made a promise to veeren and to garlick, and i'm going to keep that promise
lyra: you make one ... one wrong move, and i will, i promise, i will kill you
lyra pulls away, tries to nick sas, fails

eos: anyone for a drink?
shuffles sas to the door, does the single knock
eos: glad you didn't die
sas: i wrote a note, think you'd be proud of it
eos ushers sas in, goes to talk to lyra

sas recognises idrith as the Harvester - fellow ex-weaver, super close to HW, should be very dead, was ex-communicated and left the city
og harvester had a debilitating and deadly disease, which should've killed her by now

sas: cool skin you're wearing, who's underneath it
i: and you are?
sas: well i knew the original wearer of her skin
i: yes, the people who tried to kill me. are you with them?
sas: i was, and still am. but you might know me from the letters, known as 'the girl'?
i: sorry, i don't make a habit of remembering the names of people so insignificant
sas: sasrene, etc full name
i: it's a pleasure to meet you. i'm idrith, though you might know that already from your snooping in my personal business.
i: i assume you're here to help, though i do wonder why
sas: i get it, but you might want to get in contact with your other dragon in the DMH, cause last i saw her she was in house la'val, so you might want to contact her
i: you're very ..
sas: i'm very angry right now
i: hm. amusing.
garlick: am i the only one who didn't know this?
i: news to me. (truthful) that's she with la'val, though i was trying to keep it a secret with her position within the city, and she was my failsafe. not anymore...
sas: she wasn't anyway. 
garlick: why have none of you told me this before?

****

eos: you were in the feywild right? shit's gone tits up here re the prophecy
lyra: i've heard theres a shifting of power amongst the archfey. in the sea hag lair, we came across a half-dead individual who was rambling about some kind of pact they had made with the high queen, some kind of ... it all went wrong, they shouldn'tv'e, they'd been left down there to die
lyra: they didn't capable of seeing or hearing us, looking into the distance
lyra: they seemed pretty humanoid, some kind of surface elf, maybe half-elf

lyra: we were just gonna let the dragons do the talking for us, take the city back
lyra: we plan to destroy the current ruling council, kill anyone loyal to them, then re-establish order as it was

eos: have you ever been the only house here?
i: it depends who you ask. we dragons have been above the city, with the city as an extension of our domain since before do'ghym settled in what was the city
eos: be wary of the additional forces. doghym have vested interests here, the underground is moving, the city guard are preoccupied for a reason, and the archfey are in every corner of the city
i: i am not concerned with the archfey in the slightest, they can do as they please

start arguing about the morality of killing everyone in the room
frightening presence - everyone gets too scared to speak

garlick detect magic - room is Flooded in Div magic, except eos
someone is watched/was watching us

eos: it's not that we want to stop you. but you have far more potential allies in this room than you may think
garlick goes into a panick - casts Flock of Familiars - 100 parrots appear in the room, perching everywhere

the tavern door is Slammed open
sas martha veeren and eos' spider head out - two shalvyl guards holding the doors open, barely make out three black carriages bearing the sigils for shavyl, desor and laval through them
outside shavyl carriage is atrys, accompanied by two guards, looking very bored
outside desor, saba, four guards, flock of handmaids, shadow crawling at her feet
outside laval, faeryl floats out, four handmaids, smiles softly

atry's eyes linger on sas, but can't tell if she recognises
