---
{"dg-publish":true,"permalink":"/290-299 TTRPG Notes/295 Current Games/10 Bubble Pop/10.05 Game Notes s3/10. Innard Reveals/"}
---


[[290-299 TTRPG Notes/295 Current Games/10 Bubble Pop/10.05 Game Notes s3/9. Family Dinners\|9. Family Dinners]] | [[290-299 TTRPG Notes/295 Current Games/10 Bubble Pop/10.05 Game Notes s3/Bubble Pop S3\|Bubble Pop S3]] | [[290-299 TTRPG Notes/295 Current Games/10 Bubble Pop/10.05 Game Notes s3/11. The gang heads (not) home\|11. The gang heads (not) home]]
26/08/2023

Start in combat with the two people on patrol
Unity infects one with worms and Murders him, then pulls all the blood out the other (70 damage on someone with <30 hp)
angelos gets alerted to our presence, and we have to bug out

vio leads us in the wrong direction, and we finally stop at midnight
we start to set up camp
jupiter sets up an alarm thing

jupiter and honey go to bed
unity gives vio the memory stick back
vio notices that unity may have looked at the contents
then unity goes to bed

jess spends an eon in secrets

---

alanis notices that taylor left the base
she'd left a note - she's been cooped up and went into the tunnels beneath angelo
where later, alanis would learn, that guards are now searching the area (cause of the gang)
mobilises everyone

---

vio ends watch
puts a dogtag on unity's pillow and goes to bed

quinn wakes to a text from their handler : stay in area, but angelos is hot
texts back : recieved
then goes back to bed

unity sits in silence for their watch, clutching the dogtags

during quinn's watch, he gets another message : did anything happen when you were leaving angelos?
quinn gives full and brief report - each day, that they left a pair of distinctly mutilated bodies, and where they currently are

---

everyone wakes to an alert from alanis - a top level alert, continue operating as normal unless informed otherwise, taylor was last seen under angelos tunnels

jupiter bursts into tears about the news about taylor

vio starts a group meeting - he has learnt a Lot from last night
vio shares the memory stick, and some of the info on it
	some info about missing siblings?
	there's a big folder labeled 'GMT'
	filled with codes for subjects, or projects, or experiments - about 6
	one on **Icarus**
		their wings were experimented on to replace feather with bone and metal
		an active agent
		a quote 'It keeps laughing' - a potential side effect
	one on **Stone** 
		much emptier file
		still testing their abilities / mutation
		recommended for their 'attack team'
	they have a whole file on Victoria Prescott
		updated with her recent known locations
		and accessed by the head of the government
	and another one in middlesborough
		there's a huge government research base underneath middlesborough
		unrelated to the sibling experiments ?
		still active, and put up when middlesborough fell
	and (with a pointed look at unity) nothing else

unity : whatever you think you have over me, violetta, you don't
vio just shrugs
unity : you and I will be talking, alone, whether you like it or not

honey informs the gang about the change in plan

unity : why didn't you mention that alanis was in danger too?
vio : what do you mean by that? something to share? a deep and intimate betrayal?
unity : i - i didn't look through that much. i didn't look at anything regarding you, or the experiments, just alanis, and taylor. I'm sorry, and you're welcome to hate me, and I'm sorry I fucked up the coffee for two weeks straight!
vio : maybe you should let the group decide about group preservation

unity shares about alanis' file
	the gov are keeping a close eye on al due to his closeness with taylor
	it may not just be taylor that they want
	a transcript of a call in darkpit
	their weakness, etc

quinn goes to text the handler about the fact taylor is mostly likely alanis bait
	as a warning, the head should stay behind. this scenario reeks of alanis bait
she texts back
	head team went dark 45 minutes ago.
	all agents recalled, return to base, avoid angelos.
	[instructions on how to access the base from the back]
quinn goes
	received
	this shit's more fucked than our first training, right
mabel goes
	don't even mention that disgusting incident again
	get your asses back