---
{"dg-publish":true,"permalink":"/290-299 TTRPG Notes/295 Current Games/10 Bubble Pop/10.05 Game Notes s3/3. Is Yobi dead/"}
---


<< [[290-299 TTRPG Notes/295 Current Games/10 Bubble Pop/10.05 Game Notes s3/3. Is Yobi dead\|3. Is Yobi dead]] | [[290-299 TTRPG Notes/295 Current Games/10 Bubble Pop/10.05 Game Notes s3/Bubble Pop S3\|Bubble Pop S3]] | [[290-299 TTRPG Notes/295 Current Games/10 Bubble Pop/10.05 Game Notes s3/4. Discussing Discharge\|4. Discussing Discharge]] >>

Relaxing in the frat house  
Honey gets a message from Mabel - have a job. be professional. MH.

We head to the intelligence office  
can see theres a bit of a commotion going on  
people are rushing around - reacting to something that's happened, feels vaguely planned?  
two figures (nyx & penny) standing in the bullpen

-- SECRETS --

honey and violetta clock the two figures  
nyx locks eyes with violetta, and goes pale  
starts walking towards him, then stops, turns to penny  
nyx - did i hit my head when we were coming in? are you seeing what i'm seeing?  
nyx is Fully just Staring at violetta  
penny turns, recognises violetta  
penny, whispered - what the fuck?

---

violetta waves at them, specifically at nyx  
nyx starts crying profusely  
nyx - yobi?  
violetta doesn't recognise the name  
penny starts to advance

we hear mabel yell out - Horsemen!  
penny gets in violetta's way  
nyx - it can't be them. yobi?  
nyx starts to have a panic attack, but is not a rage monster

violetta - can i help you?  
penny - who the fuck do you think you are kid?  
violetta - i just got here?  
penny - no, who the fuck do you think you are?  
violetta - i'm violetta, i got here a couple weeks ago.  
penny - from?

taylor and alanis turn up  
taylor - i know the missino went poorly, but what's going on?  
penny points at violetta like 'duh'  
alanis finally recognises him as yobi  
goes for the hug  
taylor pulls him back

alanis - who the fuck are you? where did you come from?  
violetta - i was rescued from a government outpost three weeks ago  
penny gets the vibe that violetta is talking absolute bullshit, but not sure about which parts

we head to a conference room  
i'm violetta ivanov, born in aramore, only child, was captured by the government, held for a long while, no clue, then liberated, and now i'm here  
penny coughs out - bullshit

nyx does an arcana check  
sees something that causes a lil shock

honey asks violetta for their hand & reveals their mutation  
jupiter goes 'look!' and phases their hands right through the table  
unity - i can channel the different elements

room turns to training room  
quinn's p hesitant, but caves to the peer pressure of doing something cool  
quinn - i- i've hurt ppl with this but, okay, lets go  
quinn takes unity's hand  
there's a beat, then honey blasts through the room and into a wall  
unity takes some extra terrible debuffs?  
they were pale before, and is somehow paler, a slight tremor in their hands

honey promises to create a meal plan to deal with everyone's various nutrient deficiencies

taylor just looks at violetta - so, are you going to tell us what your mutation is?  
violetta knows very little about, and has little control, over xe's mutation  
he takes off a stylish leather glove, revealing a lichtenburg scar across their hand

taylor has warmed up  
the group leaves, al with a 'watching you' gesture, penny with a final threat

---

so, missions.  
fate's hold, need to figure out how many will be there for a potential attack  
or higher ups will be in aramore  
violetta is 'unfortunately' familiar with the place