---
{"dg-publish":true,"permalink":"/200-299-ttrpg/295-current-games/11-weeping-city/11-03-notes/21-12-17-what-do-we-do-with-the-bodies/"}
---


Garlick wakes, axes and self bloody 
– wild magic sorc :eyes: 
– sees group near

Drow, white hair, one eye covered in a dirty bandage – [[200-299 TTRPG/295 Current Games/11 Weeping City/11.02 Wiki/005. People/Unknown/Kato\|Kato]] 
– he unfastens cloak to grab weapon – eos/martel sees glowing white (like everyone's hand) inside 
– Kato – 'money or life'
– Sas – you understand what this means. [[200-299 TTRPG/295 Current Games/11 Weeping City/11.02 Wiki/005. People/Unknown/Cutter\|Cutter]] will hear 
– kato – you haven't heard? [[200-299 TTRPG/295 Current Games/11 Weeping City/11.02 Wiki/005. People/Unknown/Cutter\|Cutter]]'s out, bounty on his head. (then smthg i missed oop) 
– sas – you're not as good as him

combat

fabia – mantle of inspiration 
– +5hp everyone 
sas – faerie fire – burns through contacts, eyes now silver and glowing 
eos – onshot firebolts a dude 
— garlick looks on in awe 
— -12hp = 17 
atton – 6 attacks 1 hit 
garlick – weapon does extra fire damage :eyes:

kato – frostbitten wood axe – where the white glow is from
fabia has familiar
– [[200-299 TTRPG/295 Current Games/11 Weeping City/11.02 Wiki/002. Party/Jeremy\|jeremy]] – tiny lil monster 
atton decapitates a fleeing guy 
sas pulls the elder mentor role – -6hp = 11

kato drinks potion of teleport 
– sas tries to intimidate / threaten 
– garlick tries to hit it out of his hand 
jeremy grabs last guy's leg, crawls up and screams in his face 
– fabia stabs him 
– sas grabs him 'whats going on with [[200-299 TTRPG/295 Current Games/11 Weeping City/11.02 Wiki/005. People/Unknown/Cutter\|Cutter]]' guy – “cutter ..... eant”, dies
mispronounciation of [[200-299 TTRPG/295 Current Games/11 Weeping City/11.02 Wiki/002. Party/Elant\|Elant]] kulg Isa of House [[200-299 TTRPG/295 Current Games/11 Weeping City/11.02 Wiki/003. Houses/Houses/Maytyl\|Maytyl]] - oldest son of house maytyl

fabia
– whos cutter and why are we involved 
sas – friend of mine, unrelated 
jeremy getting closer to garlick 
[[200-299 TTRPG/295 Current Games/11 Weeping City/11.02 Wiki/005. People/Aliases/Martel\|Martel]] offers garlick a piggy back

Heading to [[200-299 TTRPG/295 Current Games/11 Weeping City/11.02 Wiki/006. Lore/Individual Locations/Green Foot\|Green Foot]], pass into Renri, then Shelith 
– garlick jumps off, acts v proper 
– pass [[200-299 TTRPG/295 Current Games/11 Weeping City/11.02 Wiki/006. Lore/Big Locations/Illien Spires\|Illien Spires]] – two stalagmites ? edging shelith – job boards

[[200-299 TTRPG/295 Current Games/11 Weeping City/11.02 Wiki/006. Lore/Individual Locations/Green Foot\|Green Foot]] 
– long place of wood, no rot (unlike rest of city) 
– bright red mushrooms 
– decent looking place 
– more mid-tier than lower 
– garlick recognises [[200-299 TTRPG/295 Current Games/11 Weeping City/11.02 Wiki/002. Party/Tilly\|tilly]] 
— dryder??? — spider body — neighbourhood healer 
– barkeep – sickly human with glowing green eyes and mushrooms growing out their face 
— everyone who works here has looked like that

garlick takes sas and fabia to tilly +10hp 
– jeremy doesn't want to be ugly TT.TT 
– [[200-299 TTRPG/295 Current Games/11 Weeping City/11.02 Wiki/002. Party/Tilly\|tilly]] averts eyes from any drow

barkeep's voice is v strangled 
get a room
everyone says why they don't like [[200-299 TTRPG/295 Current Games/11 Weeping City/11.02 Wiki/005. People/NPCs/Faeryl\|Faeryl]] 
– eos casts detect magic

Sasrene
  -  A small, winged figure, tucked behind her hair; glowing a faint purple with 
      conjuration magics, flecked with strange, shifting white swirls and threads of 
      colour - like the Northern Lights.
  -  The rapier on her hip glows black and grey with necromancy magics. 

Atton
  -  The gaudy House [[200-299 TTRPG/295 Current Games/11 Weeping City/11.02 Wiki/003. Houses/Council/Shavlyl\|Shavlyl]] insignia on his gauntlet glows faintly with too many 
      different magics to clearly discern.
  -  The glaive on his back glows black and grey with necromancy magics.

[[200-299 TTRPG/295 Current Games/11 Weeping City/11.02 Wiki/002. Party/Fabia\|Fabia]]
  -  Jeremy glows purple with conjuration magics.

Garlick
  -  The blue ring around one of Garlick’s fingers glows a bright purple with 
      conjuration magics; the aura seems unstable - pulsing.
  -  Something from within Garlick’s coat - key-shaped, tucked away - glows a faint 
      purple with conjuration magics.

other

The table fashioned out of a glossy, green mushroom between the beds glows black and grey with necromancy magics.

– garlick with invisible (?) magic hand tugging at atton's belt 
– Eos drops alter self “well, that was exhausting”

[[200-299 TTRPG/295 Current Games/11 Weeping City/11.03 Notes/21.12.03 The Meeting\|21.12.03 The Meeting]] -> [[200-299 TTRPG/295 Current Games/11 Weeping City/11.03 Notes/WC Calendar\|WC Calendar]] -> [[200-299 TTRPG/295 Current Games/11 Weeping City/11.03 Notes/22.01.10 Talking for hours\|22.01.10 Talking for hours]]