---
{"dg-publish":true,"permalink":"/200-299-ttrpg/295-current-games/11-weeping-city/11-03-notes/22-07-05-making-connections/"}
---


### Fabia
Fabia is in the kitchen w/ the three talking about the killing the traitor Aurvath (Verrick) in Desor in order to resurrect a dragon
- human, purple dragonborn, green dragonborn
She ties them up
Tells Saba about their plan
- she knows about Auvryath

### Eos
Seeks out Arnet
he doesn't look great - smells like blood and rot, worse than usual
' overdue treatement by Ulvyr. He's been busy. '
Atton's body was Not returned to Dog'hym
Ulvyr's been teaching Ilvesz in the lab

He recognises the name of the two fae
The maiden is much less fair or benevolent, takes more freely
The Queen has presided over the Above for as long as I can remember

Eos minor illusions Martha
He looks surprised, recognising - 'I'd thought she'd be dead by now'
'a topic im forbidden to discuss. but what was done to you was also done to others. none were visited or chosen as you were.'
'she poses a major threat to you, to the foundation Doghym has built. we will have to find and deal with her.'
' we cannot afford to have that selection process exposes'

he knows the name [[Benjamin\|Benjamin]]
' she is going to be severly dissapointed. for all intents and purposes, benjamin drake is dead'
'doctor drake was a dangerous man. he is dead enough that he cannot continue his work'
' he was a menace to the city and not a part of Doghym'

'If I don't see her brought here in a week, I'll retrieve her myself.'

Eos gets back to work for the week

Notices that Iymes has taken a meeting without me - very unusual
- realises this isn't the first time
- breaks through a hole in my memory
- it happens once every three years, nobody knows anything

hears light footsteps leaving the throne room
sees familiar white glowing
wispy, tall, pale, alieny, barely touching the floor
surprised and vaguely amused i can see them
'i'm a long friend of Doghyms'
'you're bound to the Ice Queen. My Queen will not be pleased with Doghym's treachery'
'They call me Fray'

Phones Garlick, then goes to visit
he's v nervous, but talks about the dragon shard
he's been visiting the fountain daily

### Garlick

visits fountain
visits Bet - set up traps around her home, which she finds annoying but endearing

she's in the small kobold community
air feels tense
dark dried bloody pool - aftermath of a house shalvly raid, Garlick narrowly escaped before

most of auvryath folks are ready for a rebellion, to reinstate the house
it's becoming a bit of a figurehead
gives a FANTASTIC speech

spends the week training up its little army
passes unnoticed to the fountain (seaweed cloak)
almost swear they feel scales when they run its hand through the water
confused, wounded

one day less confused. the fountain gives a purple scale
hears familiar distant boombing voice
'your loyalty nor your sacrifice to aurvyath have gone unnoticed. bring this scale to Vieren. they need it to bring me back'

notices a lot of commotion around the apocathery at the beginning of the week
(eos visited at the beginning of the week)
notices a body take out - later in the week (day or two after)
MM of Arcice visits and stays for a Long while

gives scale to Vieren, though it is a struggle
V is visibly present in the Black Web Tavern


### Martha

looking for leads on Benj
nat 20!
was reading 'Sanguine Malificium'
notes from MM and HPs of House Alviereen
alvireen are super hard to get in contact with
the HP is often out with the Dead Carts

finds the cart - with Eemos and Eya
strolls up and saves, doghym guards hold her back with end of glaive
'dr martha shaw'
'as a good doctor, all my work is for free'

when eya first saw martha, there was a flicker of recognition in the eyes, but now looking straight ahead
martha tries a charm person on Emos
emos gestures for the cart to stop
gets down, looks at Martha a lil closer - 'what was your name again?'
emos takes her wrist gentle, takes a thin silver needle
'a simple identification spell. i only need a drop of your bloo'
martha lets it happen
emos sucks Martha's finger clean (AN : uhuh)
eyes winden, grasp tighten - desperate
' are you really her? my mother will be thrilled to finally meet you. your works are inspired'
'i can give you an audience with the MM in 7 cycles. they will be expecting you'

martha pulls the mask off, no visible reaction
cart pulls away
martha spots back of tall skinny guy with brown hair
hair longer than remembered
she runs after him, follows him into his house
he turns - failed wis save - this is Benj
martha hugs him, he does not hug back - confused, uncomfortable
blue tiefling w/ baby walks out a room
M: benjamin? don't you recognise me?
?: are you okay?

Martha just Leaves


### Sasrene

grabs a new disguise kit from Blaggard
cannot see anyone following her on way there
gets all black wig and orders the mask

heads to Aunelis
on way, hears a tiny 'Hey you!' from foot level
sees tiny man precariously sat on some fros-bitten red flowers that have sprung from nowhere
'its good to see you again! i was inside you fairly recently. not like that, but, i got a taste'
was the one controlling sas' body
'did what i was told, got you where we needed you to go'
'i want to get in that body again, just for half an hour'
'on behalf of our beloved high queen (sarcastic), i was to help you meet your friends. i did get sidetracked. your life is _fascinating_. there is so much you don't know'
'ive got a lil more feeding to do'
'i had a nice lil goss with the High Weaver.'
'i feed on tragedy and heartbreak. love a good story of lost love. i spoke with this woman for 15 min and it was almost enough. i promise i won't push as many buttons as last time'
'if youre away from ur body for a day plus, you would die'
'do you know what a solcitice is? you can call me Night of the Winter Solstice'
'us knights of this order, we're sort of like a hive mind, though i've never met them.'
'i'm not really supposed to be here'
'currently under the order of the High Queen, though tides are shifting'
reaches into back of his mouth and pulls out a molar
'i need one of yours. as a sign of our deal'
then someone's tooth is back in her mouth, and he melts into the ground
the new tooth feels col

heads to Shelith tent to meet eos
sas shared a bit about the meeting with the fae
eos shares the fact theyre bringing martha in - sas won't stop them
S: there was someone in the DMH w/ unusual rel with High Weaver. more depth to it. she was a weaver but during the Aurv usurping, both came back shaken and changed. the partner left with no trace


[[200-299 TTRPG/295 Current Games/11 Weeping City/11.03 Notes/22.06.16 Apocathery Heist\|22.06.16 Apocathery Heist]] -> [[200-299 TTRPG/295 Current Games/11 Weeping City/11.03 Notes/WC Calendar\|WC Calendar]] -> [[200-299 TTRPG/295 Current Games/11 Weeping City/11.03 Notes/22.08.25 Silk House Ambush\|22.08.25 Silk House Ambush]]