---
{"dg-publish":true,"permalink":"/200-299-ttrpg/295-current-games/11-weeping-city/11-03-notes/22-01-10-talking-for-hours/"}
---


Atton and Sas glaring at Eos
Sas going to leave
	Fabia convinces them back (eos isn't worth you leaving vibes)

Eos offers a truth in exchange for .... not forgiveness but to move on
	A truth for a deceloption
Sas wants to know about the name by [[200-299 TTRPG/295 Current Games/11 Weeping City/11.02 Wiki/005. People/Unknown/Kato\|Kato]]'s man - Eant
	Eos tells them its Elant
Atton - how is the mask shiny 
	'its magic'
	how does it work?
	' its magic '
Fabia - House [[200-299 TTRPG/295 Current Games/11 Weeping City/11.02 Wiki/003. Houses/Council/Desor\|Desor]] ... any secrets?
	needs help regarding ?? but cannot ask outright
	Eos tells them about Desor nearly being destroyed due to an attempted uprising
	[ SECRET : Eos also knows the house weaponmaster and head house wizard are allegedly from the abyss - weird that there's,,, drow already in the abyss hm ... j hanging, in the abyss ]

For the mission :
Eos suggests removing [[200-299 TTRPG/295 Current Games/11 Weeping City/11.02 Wiki/005. People/NPCs/Faeryl\|Faeryl]] from the political board
	Sas suggests discrediting theirSight
	Eos agrees - suggests that they have an additional secret they would reveal in a week
Fabia - put Desor (MM or HP) as scapegoat
	Sas - knows a [[200-299 TTRPG/295 Current Games/11 Weeping City/11.02 Wiki/003. Houses/Council/La'val\|La'val]] traitor? - would be able to convince them to put [[200-299 TTRPG/295 Current Games/11 Weeping City/11.02 Wiki/003. Houses/Council/Desor\|Desor]] as a scapegoat

Fabia's job - real good at the lut
	- works at the jewelry shop 'Na T'puuli'
	- not lying - the shop is in Elvila
	- sometimes has Arcice as clients
		- could take advantage of it?

Desor are not stupid
	- oldest is artel
	- followed by afern then lilys 
		- lilys similar to atton (lax and enjoys life)
		- afern is more ambitious
	- sas feels discomforted by using afern?

Garlick has stolen atton's trinket and dissapeared

we head out
	sas and martel first
	outside hear a commotion - heavy armoured footfalls
	through windows, see x12 city guards approach
		led by very haughty male drow - Taflin
		push a young kobold up against the wall
		older male drow w/ dirty futs and long staff steps out (the old guy atton fought in s1)
			he shakes his head, kobold is released

martel leans by window and looks out
other patrons join
fabia and atton join
sas goes to back - there's a chef, narrow kitchen
	sas squeezes behind, but he turns
		'you're not supposed to be here'
		'i'm trying to leave through the back door'
		sas fucks his grasp and darts for a door
			escapes into the back alley

the guards are grabbing people and questioning them
	Taflin - pretty, purposefully messy, another prospect for house weaponmaster
	'Atton!' 'Taffy!'
	'you're under arrest, your father has told me to arrest you for the murder of four city guards'
Atton bonus action teleport to the echo, then invisible
	causes necro dmg w/ spell - -1HP to eos when he goes invisible

all shroom guys head into the back
	locked door

guards ask martel - 'have you seen a red kobold?'
	he tells the truth 'not in a couple hours, didn't see where they went'
	the guards release him

fabia slips out through the back - just carrying their drinks lmao
sas heads to renri

martel heads to aunelis - through renri & elvila (-1 GP)
	not unnerved by the shadows and whispering and sensation of being watched
	they drop the alter self and don't wear the mask as soon they enter aunelis
	meet [[200-299 TTRPG/295 Current Games/11 Weeping City/11.02 Wiki/005. People/NPCs/Arnet\|Arnet]] at base of stone steps up to elggedir

[[200-299 TTRPG/295 Current Games/11 Weeping City/11.02 Wiki/005. People/NPCs/Arnet\|Arnet]] - skin covered in ashy bandages and black armour
	beady bloodyshot eyes are the only thing that can be seen through
	voice from around eos 
		'eos, where have you been?'
		eos tells them ... most of the truth (i was in an alt dimension for five hours, then got caught up with a group i couldn't shake)
			'i wasn't at the desor meeting'
		A - 'we met with [[200-299 TTRPG/295 Current Games/11 Weeping City/11.02 Wiki/005. People/NPCs/Artel\|Artel]], MM and HPs were busy attending other matters. We detailed - they - he detailed the feud between [[200-299 TTRPG/295 Current Games/11 Weeping City/11.02 Wiki/003. Houses/Council/Arcice\|Arcice]] and [[200-299 TTRPG/295 Current Games/11 Weeping City/11.02 Wiki/003. Houses/Council/Desor\|Desor]]. He asked for our assistance, offered large sums of money. You, or not-you didn't accept. We returned, then you left.'
		A - 'what do you mean by an alternate dimension?'
			eos speaks of the archway and the elven runes
		A - 'was this about Fae'ryl?'
			'yes'
		A - 'you are not to tell anyone. follow me, we have much to discuss.'


TO DO

1-1 sas and deeper apology

QUESTIONS

how old is Fabia? - younger side

JESS OWES 

More details on Maytyl
Where do they get their economic power from - get the details
When am I getting the further Arnet details?

[[200-299 TTRPG/295 Current Games/11 Weeping City/11.03 Notes/21.12.17 What do we do with the bodies\|21.12.17 What do we do with the bodies]] -> [[200-299 TTRPG/295 Current Games/11 Weeping City/11.03 Notes/WC Calendar\|WC Calendar]] -> [[200-299 TTRPG/295 Current Games/11 Weeping City/11.03 Notes/22.02.18 Mommy Issues\|22.02.18 Mommy Issues]]