---
{"dg-publish":true,"permalink":"/290-299-ttrpg-notes/295-current-games/12-sw5e/12-03-game-notes/1-everything-is-fine/"}
---


29.03.22

Simultaneously a lawless world and a place of mourning, the galaxy is made of warring families and struggling people.

We zoom into Tattoine, Jabba isn't home. Teemo's shit the bed, so he calls some bounty hunters in to Mos Latina, Jabba's Summer Palace.
We are with a few Gamorrian guys and a protocol droid (older, with a banged up chestplace).

KiOn's been 'asleep' for the journey (few hours). 
El's been staring at them, can tell they're not asleep.
Guard's cleaning their weapons.
Ellya tosses a card to see if KiOn's awake. KiOn catches it, gently throws it back.

We arrive, most people here work for Jabba.
Teemo is busy, so we head to 'Jabba's Hutt', ran by a family (MacKal ?), decent place.

KiOn buys a Jawa Juice
McKal - 'everything's fine'
KiOn dirty 20 insight. He's bullshitting, nervous sweat, doesn't know where his kids are, keeps looking at the time.

Ellya to KiOn - ' You made Ozzy seem like he had charisma'

Bell over door rings, gonk droid comes and replaces the water cooler.
Gonk droid walking kind of heavy, El figures there's something inside it.
Both Belfrond twins inside have fallen asleep (just gotten drinks from McKal)

El gets a caff. Protocol droid summons us, we head out.

El - ' I'll grapple that gonk '
El gets 21 to move gonk into the alley
- 'I need to get inside you'
- 'You seem a bit thicc'
Gonk tips over.

Ellya chats to the protocol droid.
Ey - 'Orange bikini's, can you believe it?!'

Blue guy to KiOn - ' Move, my droid needs help'
El just finds water and a gun in the gonk's trunk.

Closer we get to the Palace, it's _quiet_, all the market shops are closed.

Teemo ' How are you all feeling?'
Everyone 'Ok?'
T 'Wtf? Open the veil'
Veil opens to show a holograph of Teemo. He's wearing a wompa coat (somewhere cold?)
T 'You're not sleepy?'
All 'No? We drank but not sleepy lmao'
T 'Ah well. Someone's been stealing from Jabba. _You've_ been stealing from Jabba. You're bad enough and not loyal enough that lmao everyone will believe me.'

Roll ini
- Protocol droid slaps Ey.
- Ey shoots it in the head.
- Ey kills the other two guys in the room.
- KO kills 2nd guy
We head out the front door. 3 guys with blasters at the ready.
- Central guy has bastardised Phase I clone armour.
- Ey explodes the gonk droid, kills all three (and nearly KiOn).

We run to the barge.
Belfrond twins try to shoot us, but too 'drunk'.
Barge is being repaired, so we grab a landspeeder.