---
{"dg-publish":true,"permalink":"/290-299 TTRPG Notes/295 Current Games/12 Sw5e/12.03 Game Notes/12. Into the Deep/"}
---


28/7/22

Ship = Forgotten Fate

discussing our temple visions

el touches the braid
- picks up guilt/sadness
- image of a 12 year old boy, slumped over by the exit of the inner temple, dead
- wall ripped apart by a nautolian woman, who runs to his side
- she places her lightsaber in a pyre, then walks out into the snow to die
discusses psychometry

arrive at the city - town attached to side of a mouthain - Port Nevis
arrive at empty storage warehouse, besalisk asleep at the kiosk
- 'you landed here??!'
- 'we're broke, no money or supplies to fix your ship'

baron nevis / miners retreat
head of guard = cpt Torn

leave 0020 to guard the ship
'we'll promot you to colonel'

there are sauna / miners retreat / armoury

head to sauna
- 7'6 trandosian lady behind desk
- overhear 'be careful what you say about him'
- guy w/ gunbelt leaves
- - talk to him - he'll get in contact w/ the cpt

head to miners
- gungan w/ bowtie behind bar
- ey fakes being a barmaid
- overheads 'lil jimmy passed in the mine - ground fell away and these creatures pulled him under'
- 'the guards are a bunch of morons, like the baron'
- ' don't talk about the baron'
guy in corner scoffs - middle aged man w/ an eyepatch and missing leg, tattoo of imiperial logo up his arm
- 'ppl dissapear if they talk about the baron'
- 'he locks up anyone who badmouths him or his dealings with the empire. he's got half the town working in the deepest parts of the mine'
- 'it's gotten worse these past years, but he keeps the empire out'
- 'my name was sgt colt. i was a stormtrooper'
- 'i used to be a lot more important, then i lost my leg'
- 'we didn't go poor, we got robbed by our leader
- 'torn is a coward, a cheat, and ruthless'
- 'he's looking for someone to do a job - to kill the thing in the mines'

head to arms
- oddly cleaner than the rest of town
- red protocol droid behind counter - H8-r

head to mines
- x2 of 3 have already gone down
- we head down elevator - ore updated but dirtier further down
- supervisor points us in a direction

we find the hole, shimmy down
- jacket w/ bloog heading east
- -- k picks it up
- corner - big wampa
- kill it in a surprise round
- 2nd one behind ey (-10HP)
- ey stuns it, decent dmg
- it throws a boulder at el
- k kills it
- find necklace, weighted chance cube

head back up w/ the two heads
aqualish man w/ physical armour arrives
- hand heads over
- might need to run expedition team to pay for ship

head back to ship
- k gives saber tedtalk. ey v interested
- k heads to bed
- e2 have convo on korith
- el 'should we trust a monster?'

k meditating on scale
- sees these clones heading to a ship, one with regret, waiting for someone

ey thinking on freedo
- sees interior of gambling space station
- someone called freedo a coward - 'i hired you for a job. if you won't take it, i'll teach you a lesson! what could be more important?'
- freedo outdraws him

el sneaks into k's room
- steals holocron, it opens up
- from other side, stepping out of dark - woman with pink skin and ash white hair, full face mask
w: what are you doing with my knowledge? 
w:i don't have time for games - i have work to do. 
w:I am the rightful owner of this holocron.
w: people have known me as Tresent.
(she's not sharing some of her name)
w: are you a sith? are we still around? why not?
w: unlike your ghosts, i am very much alive
w: i just want to get out
w: we can physically be destroyed but we're still present
w: take me to korriban

she takes off the mask, face is scarred and dry and eyes are burning yellow
el reaches out, she takes the hand
- crushing necrotic pressure
el comes back to - the holocron didn't open