---
{"dg-publish":true,"permalink":"/290-299 TTRPG Notes/295 Current Games/12 Sw5e/12.03 Game Notes/14. Loss/"}
---


27/02/23

ellya subtly draws a gun
kion takes a half step back - i don't enjoy repeating myself. who are you?

his lightsaber rises higher, his other eye milky white (he's blind)
guy - i survived darkness before and i will do it again. i will not let you get me.
guy - you Reek of it
guy - it travels. it journeys. it travels in your footsteps. i could feel it the moment you came to my home
guiy- unlike those who came before, i will fight you

roll initiative
el and ellya go to punch
he throws a rock at ey
kion gets between them - stop, we mean you no harm, i'm kion, this is el and ey, we did not come here to fight
ey puts down her weapons - none of us are dark side users
guy's attention slides to el
ey - they're misguided, they're my twin, they don't know any better, please

guy - twins? family? you vermin are related, bound by blood, corrupted
guy - i will take no joy in saving everyone from you

ey uses animate weapons, hits him with a sword
el grapples him (_25_ to grapple???)
k draws saber, battle meditation - stop! think past your fear
ey stunning hits him

el takes his saber, psychometry
> vision is taken by stars
> on a mountaintop
> fancy military black cloak, bottom half of a smooth pale face
> black cloak pulls out a red saber, rushes at guy
> cuts off a horn, part of his face, thrown away
> he is clutching for dear life on the side of a cliff
> black cloak steps up, hood blowing back to reveal korith
> k stamps on guy's hands, before he falls, tumbling down the mountain
> his lightsaber is broken in two, but he clings to life, and crawls into a cave

kion holds saber to his throat - let us go.
el puts the hilt of the saber to his temple and turns it on, killing him instantly

tikka and gang run up - jedi? we're about to make a whole lot of money

el runs up, holding the saber
ey kills chuck, revealing gremgullo relation
el force repulses everyone back

we kill everyone
kion turns their gun to el
ey - put it down. turn it off
el laughs hysterical in disbelief, doesn't put it down - what are you going to do? shoot me?
ey shuts down, no emotion on her face 
ey whispers - i can't protect you from this. you're not my twin. this isn't ... my twin. give her back.
ey shoots.
el goes down, instantly.

kion strips everyone of their gear and money
doesn't recognise the guy, but remembers a moment of him in the garden with a tender smile on his face
puts all the bodies on a pyre
ey takes some stuff from el
ey also places el on the pyre
