---
{"dg-publish":true,"permalink":"/290-299-ttrpg-notes/295-current-games/12-sw5e/12-03-game-notes/3-what-do-you-see/"}
---


5.4.22

KiOn reveals that they were once Jedi, and that the trio have to return to the ship.
Twins - wtf.
KO - There are those who would label you two as Force Sensitive, and hunt you down to kill or destroy you. There is being hunter for a bounty and there is being hunted by the Empire.
Twins - wtf. Why do you trust them.

KO force sense, nothing up the tunnel. Down, hears a cold whispering, slow drawn out growls. 
- Heard something similar before - O66

We head back down to the starship.
At base of tunnel, Genosian child with cybernetic limbs.
- Accidentally meets eyes with El. Child is Afraid, flees.
El heads down.
KO starts assembling two things from their belt.

Ey finds a sealed maintenance shaft.
Lmao none of us can open it.
KiOn draws their two sabers, cuts a hole in the hull. 

We hear clanging from 3 directions.
- KiOn takes a step in
- A single B1 battle droid.
- We kill 10 droids (Ey got 5, KO got 4?, El got 1?)

Short rest on the ship in awkward silence
- Twins are tense
- Ey thinking she doesn't deserve hope (and the Jedi) because she's a monster

We head further in, following the cold.
- Down corridor, then ladder into the hander bay
- Head over the door into a vent
- As we continue, metal gets newer and cleaner, lights and oxygen coming on

Same illusion for all three of us
- A trick used by Jedi & Sith

Head down corridor
- KO sees Korith for a second

Into an end room, 50x50ft
- Circular seat in center, point of meditation
- Hear marching, many more than 12 droids coming
- KiOn's commlink sparks, hears Korith - 'Watch out below'
-- Green lightsaber through the ceiling

Twins head to doors, ready to shoot
 - B1 droids coming down corridor
KO sits on the meditation circle
Ceiling falls in, three ropes.
- A few members of a clone legion. Turn to face droids, raising guns.
- One joins KO, whose armour goes back, KO looking younger.
- Young Korith drops down.

El looks around 11.
Ey sees the clone troopers, but Korith as older and in full blank. Feels the cold pulling very strong.
- Tries to disarm him of his unignited saber
- Internally 'this is not a young boy, this is a monster'

El not even in the room anymore, but alone in a meeting room.
- Figure can't quite make out yelling in a language they don't know

Ey sees cowboy in the ceiling hole.

KO stabs the ground w/ saber. Underneath is a red crystal at the base, reflecting the saber.
- KO grabs it, entire arm goes numb
- Numbness spreads, but takes it. All visions and people dissapear. Hole in the ceiling still there.
- KO is catatonic.

Ey rips the sith holocron from KO's hand
El sees it contains 'sustained lightning' and 'probe mind'

Ey slaps KO to wake up.
- KO currently in the Jedi temple. A large charming blue and bearded man reaches out and slaps KO in the back of the head.
- KO back in the room and no longer compelled by the holocron.

Game of hot potato with the holocron, ppl force disarming it. El and KO _want_ it.
- KO hits it out the air.
- Ey 'I'm the monster here, not you. Snap out of it!'
- Battle of wills
- Ey gets two nat 1s
- El w/ two 6s
- KO tries Battle Meditation and Guidance. Gets it, tucks it away.

Something else still down in the hole.

(( Nern (planet) with black fortress and that same bitter cold. 
- Young man, same age as the twins, black clothes with the imperial logo.
- Next to him is Scale.
- Korith smiles, he's excited. 'What was once lost is now found'
- Something cold was surrounded by a warm familiar light. Now he has a vague direction. 