---
{"dg-publish":true,"permalink":"/290-299-ttrpg-notes/295-current-games/12-sw5e/12-03-game-notes/4-escape-the-ship/"}
---


More time has passed than expected
- seconds to hours, maybe days

KO reaches back into hole, finds metal components - the curved lightsaber hilts of dooku (no crystals)
ellya hears a faint tapping and chittering, against a computer
- genosian hitting a screen a good deal away
el hears a secondary metallic footstep

we start heading west - heading up and into the wind, emergency lights are on
- arrive on the bridge, most windows broken, consoles damaged, captains chair has a pillow

One working computer, has a series of dates
- 12 years ago. first entry - B1 droid with datapad
-- 'Just got news our group has been selected to retrieve some relics by Dooku. I can't wait!'
- 2nd entry - missing his forearm
-- 'We made it off Genosis! Picked up a wierd ball!
- 3rd - slouched, missing both legs
-- 'Minor issue. We crashed. I'll find a way out of this. The ball opened, a droid came out. 10% charge left.'
KO knows Genosians come from eggs

locked box - x2 light shield generators and sniper rifle
under pillow is head of commander droid 0020 (the b1 droid from the vids)
newer scorch marks on the bed - someone was welding things

x2 B2 droids approaching
- tie off rope
- el heads out
- ey freezes on way out, el catches them
- ko unties  and grabs rope, walks down side of ship
- behind the two droids is the genosian (now mismatch of chitin and the droid)

el holds ey's shoulder
ey draws on el's head
ko casts sanctuary on el
ey turns gun to self
ko force disarm takes gun
ey falls to floor, unconscious

el takes watch
ko meditates
- sees black rocky mountains and bright blue sky. small hut and outdoor firepit
el notices red under blaster mark on ko's armour, and white tattoo on back of her neck
el and ko chat. el v hesitant, refuses when ko offers the saber hilt

ey wakes, robotically sits up
ko has removed their weapons and lined them up on the side
ey straps their weapons on, while ko disassmbles the sabers
ey mutters an apology, full of embarrasment and frustration

el's commlink lights up
george 'found what you did to my speeder. it was stripped for parts!'
gemar 'that was real funny'
ey 'yeah ur gonna need george's help'
gm 'you watch ur mouth'
etc
gm 'the one time i don't want to get the bounty. i can't wait till ozzy gets to you'
el hangs up

we continue down the gorge, keep going for hours
tusken raiser (alone) at the end
- he drops 
ko runs up the wall - no tuskens around
tusken barely breathing
el uses translator 'who did this?'
tusken 'death machine'
el 'if we heal you, will you hurt us?'
tusk 'leave me. i will owe no deby to you.'
ey reaches out, casts 'give life'
tusk 'thank you. i was a bit delirious, refusing your help'
ey 'no problem. where's the rest of your group?'
tusk 'dead. only safety is with rest of my people, i just have to find them. i will not forget this, what are your names?'
ey 'ellya grimmgullo'
el '... el'
tusk 'roxxis. i'm happy to accompany you to mos eisley'

(( days ago, a pile of tusken bodies in a mound and burning. chieftan falling on their knees, ozzy stood before him. 'humourous statement. easy prey.' ))