---
{"dg-publish":true,"permalink":"/290-299 TTRPG Notes/295 Current Games/12 Sw5e/12.03 Game Notes/5. Breaking Connections/"}
---


21.04.22

KO jumps down back into the canyon. Chats with Roxxis
- He's the only one left.
- It was a droid.

Ellya starts rummaging through El's shit.
Gets caught.
Ey 'I got a vibe you have something you shouldn't have.'
We keep walking for the rest of the day, find a small place to camp.

El's been recording KiOn.
Ey searched their stuff and deleted the files from the holo recorder.

KO's meditation - memory
- jumps to grab a library book
- Vesper 'Just remember to ask for help.'

KO's watch - sees a probe droid fly overhead. 
- may not have seen us

Everyone wakes. Roxxis carves a sign into the sand - Safe Space

In Balazar :
Ey 'How could you? What good did you think the recording would do?'
El 'I'm just doing what is best for us. For you!'
Ey 'It's always been whats best for you. Lets keep me protecting you because when its _you_ it doesn't go too well, does it?'
El shoves past, mad.
In Basic :
Ey 'Are you going to keep doing that?'
El 'Fuck you Ellya. I'm protecting you. You don't know the lengths I've gone to!'
Ey 'You don't know the lengths I went for _you_.'
El 'It's above your paygrade.'
Ey 'So I'm just your shadow. Your bodygaurd, your weapon?'
El 'Yes. A deficient one.'

KO gets between them.
Ey tells her about the recordings.
Sniper shot between Ey's feet.
Ey kills it.

We run. El surprisingly not super tired.
Reach end of gorge, slow down
Sand hasn't been disturbed in a while
There are spaceships, civilisation ahead.

Roxxis gives a black melon to El. (1hp to anyone who drinks it)
He heads off into the mountains.

We chat. Promise to talk it out when we leave.
KO curious as to why El hates her

Head into town. Outer docks, board a shit ship.
Approach a droid - 3ZQ2 (Threezy)
Ship - Jackpot
Captain - Savi Tantra - younger woman, wearing a flight suit, short teal hair
We are Leah, Jonathan and Scale Vesper.
Offer to work for passage.
Captain's quarters offlimits. Cockpit only w/ Savi. Don't go into storage room at back of ship.

Ey insight. She's seen some action, recently?
KO can tell new hyperdrive fitted - designed to be _fast_. Engine of a smuggler.
Trust will come after discretion.
KO fixes the hyperdrive. El fixes the landing gear. Ey fixes the ventral guns.

(( Roxxis has been walking along, alone. He gave away his last ration. He falls to his knees, turns and sees a whole tribe to take him in. ))