---
{"dg-publish":true,"permalink":"/290-299-ttrpg-notes/295-current-games/12-sw5e/12-03-game-notes/6-to-talk-about/"}
---


12.5.22

(( Star Destroyer orbiting a planet on fire, and in the near distance, a planet of water. An officer anxiously waits for an incoming guest. With short black hair, Korith walks straight to the Captain, who is nervous, reluctant. 
Captain 'Our vessel is completely at your disposal.' ))

Ey heads to workshop to clean guns.
El and Ey walk past each other.

KO chats with Ey in the bunks.
Ey 'Freedo was as much my saviour as my jailer'
- part of a crime syndicate, were going to run it as equals
- now on run from a large syndicate, exiled from their planet
- freedo is hunting them

El decrypted more of Jabba's data
- list of possible people who couldn't done the embezzling
- amounts grew to a reckless amount later

We head to the cockpit, and into hyperspace

El and Ey talk
El 'You were raised disposable. There were certain disposals I ... stopped.'
El 'The list (of ppl who tried to dispose you) was long. You weren't well liked.'
Ey 'Why didn't we stay and fight (the reason for our exile?)'
El 'It was a heavily planned framing'
...
El 'I think we were trained for different things. You would've been an uncontrolable variable. But we're not equals.'
Ey 'That's the problem. You just use me.'

The job - Bracca. We've got to pick up some data from the Scrapper's Guild in Antar Felshan's pocket
- He's an up and comer, more annoying, but quite the capable killer and diplomat
- El's met them
- Savi's picking up some clearance codes from Imps on Bracca and taking them to Antar
- meeting Antar in Cheater's Luck

KO meditating
- temple, before the war
- Korith runs past, laughing, encouraging me to follow
- burning cold passes through, straight for him
- he looks back, in fear, screaming
- wakes up to the sound of savi screaming

Ey was awake, arrives to knock on Savi's door
- hears a compartment close, door opens.
- Savi points a blaster at Ey.
El heads over.
KO resting on her hands, trying to breathe, whispering 'there is no emotion, there is peace'.

El slips Ey's name lmao
Ey sits in lounge. El back to bunk.
Savi returns. Compartment opens, item picked, placed back down. It sounds heavy, and metal compartment closes.
Ey goes to sleep in the workshop.

KO in the kitchen. Savi wakes early, approaches. 
KO aplogises for their presence on her ship.
Savi skeptical of how KiOn helped Ey meditate earlier.
Her curses are in Mando'a.

All of the decals on Ey's and El's pistols have been erased.
Ey sends Antar deets to El.
- a lot of plans that shouldn've have worked did work
- a problem to other syndicates

KO leads Ey through a basic kata in the bunks. Spills beans about Korith.
- Tries to encourage Ey.
Ey 'What do you do when the darkness feels consuming?'
KO 'As someone I knew said, you have to ask for help.'
Ey 'I think I need help.'

(( Scale, his team, and Korith looking out at space. K 'I think I need your help.' ))