---
{"dg-publish":true,"permalink":"/290-299 TTRPG Notes/295 Current Games/12 Sw5e/12.03 Game Notes/7. Easy Pickings/"}
---


15.5.22

(( Gemar trudging through Tattoine. George sent him in the wrong direction lmao. ))

El takes droid head to workshop
Plugs it in, it comes alive
El 'This is ur promotion, ur now a general'
Puts the head in a pappoose like a dog

Ey & KO - K offers their help
Ey - lost in the darkness, like a disorganised library
K promises their aid.

Regroup - talking about where to go
KO talks to Savi - she's wary
Arrive on Bracca
- imperial star destroyers passing by
- KO heard a Jedi was found and killed on Bracca

Head onto Bracca w/ 3Z
- remote outpost, empire building with a single trooper.
- el maybe wants to regain their rightful place

we head off to the train to get the clearance codes
Buy tickets
Trooper tosses a Duros in the line to the ground
- a Melarin pats the trooper on the shoulder
- duros walks away, towards a rocky outcropping

train arrives
head to right
- two troopers - they have unusual yellow markings
-- el knows there's some trooper groups that kept markings
- ey fakes out 'we've got to secure some storage'

open top - trooper - 'monarch is gonna be pissed'
- he has a more intricate pattern on his left chest

next car - x3 troopers examining a box, same yellow markings
- x1 with orange pauldron and the word Monarch in Aurbesh down his left eye.

next car 
- hear him take off helmet 'this is commander ??? honestly sir, this is overkill.'
- voice 'this isn't my decision either commander. just trust me please. you will get to the fight soon.'
- he moves on.
we re-enter. kill the remaining two, move them to the side
- take six clearance codes out
- ey tucks one into bra, rest to 3z
- ko takes a wrist gauntlet with commlink and puts it on

next car - two more - kill them
- we're now hunted through the train
- reached end of train
-- there's a dismantled atat
-- 3z locks the door

they blast the door off
- ey kills first, clips 2nd
- el pushes monarch off the side
- we kill the rest
ko walks over side to push monarch's grappling hook off
( he had time to report 'jedi -')
ey shoots him where he's on the floor, hundred of feet below

get onto jackpot
- hear savi putting something on
- comes out wearing mottled grey and red mando armor
-- pointing pistol at us
ey convinces savi to give back cycler rifle
- hands over final clearance code
- wait in storage hold
- we've got a minute to get off when we land

takes off her helmet, visbly shaken
el 'we just want to help'
she leads us back into the lounge
we've got a 2nd chance
give our real names. her's is Savi Bra'lor

KO meditates, normal prayer to Scale and Korith
gets a reply 
- Korith 'I thought you were dead'
- KO eye's open - everything but the bunk is void, Korith sat opposite.
- Kr hurls the accusations she's been killing herself with
- he breaks the connection
Ko can sense him on the other side of the planet.
She jumps off the bed and gets Savi to leave the planet
- we head into orbit, descended on by tiefighters.