---
{"dg-publish":true,"permalink":"/290-299-ttrpg/295-current-games/12-sw5e/12-03-game-notes/2-what-the-star-destroyer/"}
---


31.03.22

There's a bag of thermal detonators (x5) in the back of the landspeeder.

We're getting chased.
- Ey shoots on, KO gets the next.
- Ey force disarm's the third guy's holocomm to Gemar, who grabs it and loses control of his speeder. Unknown if killed.

Head into a canyon, detonates canyon behind us (with x4 detonators).

(( Ozzy on holo with Teemo. 'I can deal with the three' ))

Ey phones George (himbo bounty)
G - 'this looks bad.'
G - individually, 30k. Trio, 150k.
G - I'm already strapping on my boots. You're the hottest piece of news on this dustball in a _long_ time.
G - I want my landspeeder back.

North - Tusken Raider territory & Jawa Scavenger teams (we know something's been found)
West - Dune Sea. Couple of days to civilisation.
East - Worse.
South - Teemo.

El switches driver to KO and reads the transaction details of Jabba.
- Bribes, being bribed, games, normal stuff, legal.
- Investment in armour, weapons, decommissioned ships, relics from the clone wars and old republic. 
- Unusually large investments, could be someone stealing his money.
- Twi'lek Biba Fortuna might want it? Also Temmo?
- Only morons and other Hutts go after Hutts. 

It's getting late, speeder is getting slower.
We head north, reach base of the cliffs and beginning of Tusken Territory.
Leave the speeder.
We head down and through, rather than over the mountains.

We hit a cave in the canyons, a Jawa comes screaming past.
Hear shuffling in the canyon behind us. Crew of Tusken's approaching.

Enter the cave (to avoid the Tusken's)
- 3 Jawa bodies, dead, shot by blasters in the entrance of the cave entrance. They were fleeing.
- One clutching scrap metal. Something that's been buried a _while_.
- A piece of a starship hull.
The cave is COLD with KO's danger sense.

We stealth further down
- Cave starts opening up, almost like a crater.
- We hear a chitter, a scamper, a flutter.
- Dim circle light from the back of a dark structure.
-- Logo of a seperatist ship
- A sheer drop down infront of the bridge of the ship
-- One of the main productions of the Seppies were the Genosians

We leave. Camp halfway back up the tunnel.
Ey first watch. 

El dreaming.
- Childhood home, parent's faces slightly obscured. Parents shouting at Ellya - ' We know its your fault! '
- Ellya is taking it. The shouting gets louder, parent's forms turn and vanish, room getting colder.
- Ellya walks out. Man in trenchcoat and cowboy hat follows.

KO dreaming.
- Broken up by clone's voices and screaming, shouting for their General.
- Battlefield is covered in bodies, series of explosions as (young) Korith runs into a line of battle droids.
- A line splits in the ground, swallows Korith, droids, KiOn.
- KO starts to fall, grabbing onto anything.
- An armoured hand grabs mine, then Scale brings me up, exhausted.
- Scale - 'I've still got your back'
- He turns to show the blaster mark in his back as he walks away.

Ey sleeping.
- A twisted pile of bodies, bounty hunters, friends, enemies, people long dead or still alive.
- Ozzy is at the top, holding onto El by the neck, their legs kicking.
- Ozzy - 'Humourous remark. Easy kill.'
- Ellya raises her rifle, when there's a second blaster at her side, pointing at (?)
- It's cowboy man. - 'Now now little gunslinger, don't be hasty'
- Ey knows better than to banter. Dual wield, shoots both.
- Return fire, Ey blinded.

KO woke, now meditating. 
- Sees self sat in an office. Scale opposite, drinks between them.
- Scale reciting names and numbers, crying slightly.
- Scale - You've got to go back there. End this warm for me.
-- Words come from a true light place.