---
{"dg-publish":true,"permalink":"/290-299-ttrpg/295-current-games/12-sw5e/12-03-game-notes/8-what-could-have/"}
---


1.06.22

(( Hut in the black mountains, drizzle outside. Stumbling towards it is a 1-armed figure with a large pot, blue and bearded. ))

El - vision
Stood in a void of stars
40ft away is Korith
- El slowly draws their pistol, starts backing away
Ey now joins the vision, close to El
- Korith is smiling, genuine joy, recognising the twins roles
Ey shoots twice, missing both, tells him to stop.
He stops.

KO appears, heads straight to him. 
Reaches out, though he flinches back.
- He wants me dead and to gain allies

He steps back into the void
- void changes into crashing waves, still stood above it
- Ey hears a heartbeat - their own 
- KO and El wearing nicer clothes, looking better
- El looks over and smiles, peacefully
Ey looks through it, back to normal, wants them as they are not as she wants them to be

Sinking through the waves, a building constructing around them
Korith at the end, twins in inquistor gear, KO nowhere to be seen.
Ey tries convincing El to drop the saber 'Why would you ever pick up a saber?'
- casts Wound on self and El

KO appears. 'Why would you do to them what they did to you?'
- he gets agitated, starts combat
- he lashes out, force push, kills el
- KO calms, Wis save, place begins to fall apart
- Korith falls, Ey catches him.

Vision switches, now a cottage at the edge of forest
- El has an orange saber

Ey's eyes open, in some forest Korith next to her
- Ey in jedi robes, Korith in dark brown and white armour with red accents, unconscious
- Ey does give life
- He wakes up, gets up
Ey 'I'm sorry. I'm sorry you didn't get a choice'
Kor 'I don't need your pity'
Ey 'This isn't pity. This is from someone else that was also made to be a monster.'
- He turns away, she backhugs
ANAKIN AND PADME THEME STARTS

KO can't sense Kor around, but senses his mixed emotions
- heads to cottage, ko supporting el
- stops when she smells baking
- she tries to see the truth
- door opens, scale there
- ko sees a soul suppressed
- el goes past for the muffins
- ko closes eyes and tries again to see the truth
-- a mistake has happened, original intention ripped aside
- ko _wants_ kor and ey here
-- they appear, now in a proper hug

el nat 1 wis
- korith now stepped back, looking at kion. 'i tried. i wanted this, but i have new masters now'
- world starts to fall apart
VADER BREATHINGS?!?!?!!
- in void again, holocron 30ft away
- hand reaches out, vader grabs it
- kion running for it, fails force disarm
- void continues to fall apart

emergency hyperspace jump

Reappear on the Jackpot
ko still has the holocron
ey checks up on savi. all good
ko sits in lounge, el and ey on other sofa
- chat about what ko knew of what happened to korith

twins head to bunk
el pulls out 0020 'i just really want him to like me'
el 'so korith, huh'
ey 'i believe he can be saved'
el 'its my fault we're being hunted. it wasn't a framing. half an hour ago, i wanted to have inherited. now, i have to think about things.'
- ey would've been at their side, even if they didn't want to be.
ey 'the crimson dawn syndicate. i met one of their younger members (Faine) on a job. it became a competition, who could outdo the other. it snowballed, but i never got to find out what could've happened. i've not heard from or even _about_ them, despite their distinct style. they just dissappeared. i've looked, since we left.'
el 'its sad how little we know about each other'
ey 'i thought you were the one who told somebody to stop me'
el 'it wasn't'
ey 'maybe i'll find out'
el 'i will help'

KO's meditating
- first on the holocron
-- holocron was touched by someone else recently
-- some, not all, of the information was taken
- what to do about it
-- ask for help
- meditates on that vision in the library
- mutters 'i need help'
-- feels the training bond once thought broken and destroyed get a response.

level up!

jackpot hits a halt
- everyone heads to the cockpit
- ko goes to fix the engines
- ey goes to fix the weapons
-- shields are minimal but okay
- el in cockpit, something starts flashing
-- they press a button, hears 'YT freighter. are you in distress?'
-- el then goes to get savi. 
-- Savi 'any aid would be appreciated'

only secondary guns are active
- el provides a status update
- el sees into savi's room, secret compartment of guns above her bed
- necklace on bedside table of the skull of an ancient creature (mythosaur)
- el finally shares their real name

ey sees a medical frigate approaching
- tractor beam of a Nebula B engages and starts to drag us in
- jackpot lands
- greeted by a dirty hangar bay with several starfighters, different models and ages and conditions.

A Doug approaches. 'you may have to go talk to Commander. I am chief engineer Ret of the Allegiance.'
Ey overheard that the flyboys are being reckless and complaining about fixing everything in time
<10 people in the hangar

El and KO go distract ret, KO recognising one of the ships as an Arc 170 - an old republic ship
Ey stealths further down. 
- left is unlocked, front locked, right is a glass door to a corridor
- overhears 'the commander knows what he's doing. I have total faith in the man. We just have to go down, do our job, then we can go back to helping people.'
- Ey heads left, to the barracks. Folks a mishmash of armor and no solid uniform. At the end is a Sullustan older man. 'All our equipment is working just fine, you're looking for the pilots.'
Ey 'I'm Ally. I'm new here.'

Ret's been working here for 4 years
- used to be an engineer for the Republic
- Currently leased to Commander Kav Narek
-- Kion recognises the name

He's meant to come down to personally inspect the Jackpot
- though he wasn't in the greatest mood

KO immediately heads to the bridge, Ey trailing behind her.
Around table, middle aged man with long brown hair and bit of a beard, short jacket, tattoos down his left arm and a cybernetic right arm, lightsaber hanging from his jacket.

(( Korith is sat in his bunks alone, staring down at his lightsaber hilt, eyes a dull blue ))



