---
{"dg-publish":true,"permalink":"/290-299-ttrpg/295-current-games/13-dn-destiny/13-03-notes/1-meeting-the-grainy-boys/"}
---


<< [[290-299 TTRPG/295 Current Games/13 DnDestiny/13.03 Notes/DnDestiny Journal\|DnDestiny Journal]] | 06.11.22 | [[2.\|2.]] >>

Death Tolls:
| Grey | Sira | Arthur | Vix | Idle | Lou |
| ---- | ---- | ------ | --- | ---- | --- |
| 1/1  | 2/-  | 2/-    | 1/- | -/-  | 1/6 |

Beyond the Veil:
94 - 0/2 nat 20s 

****

# Session

Gathered by Ikora
To head to the EDZ to look at why there's so much Fallen activity there.

Head to shuttle
Screaming, a thump
A guardian stands up after being rezzed - Grey

Ikora: lmao just join them, it's far too much paperwork

Grey & Ghost
Vix Moon & Barbie : engineer
Sira & Seph (?)
Arthur & Cyd
Idle & Locke 

Introduce ourselves

Arrive, shuttle doors opens.
V to B, out of hearing: I think this group is defective ...

****

Arthur starts walking away
Screaming in opposite direction
Arthur turns 180
everyone heads towards it

several horse n carts, humans around, strange alien (four arms)
arthur mounts a horse
x4 dregs, x2 vandals

Arthur _tramples_ the final one
thinks Sira _died_ when they hid

Grey searches the bodies
Takes a shock rifle
Vix looks at the Fallen - same symbol as before - Vix and Sira and Idle remember it
House of Storms

Arthur and Idle go talk to the humans
They're speaking Welsh
Back to English
'we're back from trading with a nearby village, and this ship dropped them off and fucked off!'

Arthur, Vix, and Sira try to fix the cart
Arthur _breaks_ it even more (nat1)
Vix and Sira fixing it as they go along, without Arthur noticing

they only had grain
Grainy Boys - their company name - seven of them (were eight)

Commander Betty would've fought them off
village = Abergwaun newedd
people : Governor Owain will reward you massively for helping us.

****

village surrounded by pallisades
river goes through it

Head to the governor at the town hall
there's a bit of a buzz about our arrival

owain looks So old, long grey hair and just Saggy
'anything you want you can take! but only one item'

vix after library records - w/ sira and idle
arthur & grey to tavern - v empty (its a shithole)
talk about their life story

grey : woke up, shot a robot, fixed a teleporter, died
arthur : woke up in a tomb, three years ago, been helping ppl get to the last city

a: things should've stayed as they were, nothing happened for me to be scared of ships
_arthur is a technophobe_
a: look at this place! it's perfect the way it is

barkeep slams his flagon down: get out my tavern you filthy risen scum
starts ringing a bell

****

at library - mostly ya lit
vix private vc to barbie

idle finds percy jackson: last olympian
then just a _bunch_ of cool books

sira finds a book about the governor - all in Welsh

****

we hear the bells ringing
head outside

[+1 insp]

arthur and grey surrounded by an angry mob
mob: you bring nothing but destruction! get out! risen never bring anything good!
sira: put the pitchforks away!
barbie: if we bring nothing but destruction we'll give it to you!

idle tries to calm them
mention of the lords two towns over
people in armour and horses turn up - big flower on their chest

commander betty them all to go back home, they meekly obey
betty: sorry about this, they don't appreciate the risen, but i could really use your help on a bit of an issue
b: the fallen have been attacking us for the past 25 years

idle: we'll help, where are we supposed to go?
b points to a mountain range : theyre in there
can almost see little dots going in and out

betty is gov's daughter

get the carriage
gonna head off (camp on the way)
it's 4pm
