---
{"dg-publish":true,"permalink":"/200-299-ttrpg/295-current-games/10-bubble-pop/10-04-game-notes-s2/11-into-the-abyss/"}
---


[[200-299 TTRPG/295 Current Games/10 Bubble Pop/10.04 Game Notes s2/10. A Hole in the Earth\|10. A Hole in the Earth]] -> [[200-299 TTRPG/295 Current Games/10 Bubble Pop/10.04 Game Notes s2/12. Reach the surface\|12. Reach the surface]]

27/8

we look at the stairs
nyx 5 insight check
spend _hours_ walking down the stairs
nothing to the sides, growing walls, encased

reach a doorway
above are braziers, baphomet's sigil in the walls
head a grinding, the door behind us is no longer there
muffled noises in the distance

we're in the ABYSS
doorways to abyss formed by the Collapse
punishment from the gods to the world

turn corner to see stell bull and minotaur
a&a start to turn to stone
p 'why have you put obstacles in our way?'
b 'my helpers must be strong. i do not accept weakness. i will weed out the unworthy'

ansel nat 1 wis save
transported to the hall of a thousand doors

penny realised bapho has thralled conrad recently
bull killed
it shimmers,  turns to stone, then dust

ansel - in the hallway
automatically walks to odin's room
o : you have an influence in the brain and i don't like my things being messed with
o : the way out requires a door, but doorways are tricky in the abyss
o : me saving you would cause a war, and you're not worht going to war over
a : let me milk this opportunity

nyx and sky recognise the flowing form of lei!
lei : i leave yall for three weeks! 
l : where's yobi?
l : the gov are buffoons, we're still on the run
l : did you not think that the soul draining thing was trying to leave the abyss?

achyls kills the mino

lei : we're being hunted. they may be aware you're all in darkpit
l : we have info. we need to meet, we'll be there soon

ansel sees overview of maze through the fake eye
head to a north room (still compelled)
hear sobbing, feel fear

walk in, a&a&p fail wis save
ansel sees amille and laura at home
' we didn't mean to scare you away. when are you coming home? '
sees the undercity get attacked
sees self finding amille and laura, dead

penny sees bubble city being created
watching parents set up a device from a control tower
hears a noise, then everything goes wrong
this time, its all fine, i have a younger brother
tinkering in my room, head a voice behind me, brother touches the wrong wire, everything goes black
this is what you wish for?
now conrad standing infront, eyes black
soulless laughter, he's enjoyed toying with me
raise gun to take him out, can't shoot him
irl raising gun to nothing (darkness is coalescing into a form infront of me)

achy sees perfect life, mother never got ill, so stayed with her
found a perfect team, became a government soldier
loses the entire team, because you're stealthed, and this is what you're good at
but not good enough
and you fall
come back, this team is _good_
but not sure if helping or hindering, but is this team working for the right goal, right people?
sees dad writing research, things that oppose Helm, and he's laughing

shadowy figure, no features visible, hear laughter
he's enjoying the emotional turmoil
he's gone, we pulled out of the trances

corner of room where shadows linger
ansel tosses a light stone
it flares and is swallowed by the dark
see writings of a madman across the walls
wall is undamaged by a bullet
achy touches it
ansel hears chuckling from the darkness
	pulls achy away
as we leave, achy hears a whispered 'i want a home'

next room, hear praying
ac stalths up, sees the three pallys who fell
room has number of corpses wearing the same armour
achy fakes being a dead pally
x2 pallys 'the watcher must be looking out for us as he sent you. our brothers are in between life and death'
one yawns, then falls fully unconscious

the watcher never changes, he's protected
pray to help and the watcher contacts us

we all 'pray' together
only pen and achy actually praying
nyx and sky mouthing it
ansel not even bothering
penny and achy fail wis save, tempted by our own shadow - convinced to head left

reach left room, achy reads Abyssal runes on it
a ritual room, sealed by chains
ach attacks the chain, then just pulls it off - burns their hand
lock revealed behind the chains
achy picks lock, door swings open to a deafened room
achy steps in, sits cross legged on the dias, candles start flickering

black shadowy figures reaching out from the walls, some fully stepping out
full figure behind ansel, a hand grapss his shoulder, then phases into him
ansel feels this cold
shadows urge penny to leave

make our way to the central room
chains of mithril unbar the way
room w/ cobblestones, gold and mithril statues
seven portals made of black and red vortexes = gradiant left to right
one in center on a raised dias

urge to through one of the gold statues
abyssal etchings around the doors
labelled 201-400, etc
gold statue labeled 'upper plane'
also reads 'savrifice knowledge or secret'
- means reveal a secret or give a memory (memory is random)

achy chooses knowledge rip
portal shows achy in an unfamiliar room - dep's office
searching through computer, strange files on screen
abyssal and deep speech
name unseen as she scrolls too fast
a run by Irune Crosshand - HM?

nyx gives secret - i killed my grandma the night the bubble fell
skylar secret - my adopted parents were responsible for the massacre in middlesborough
penny - i engineering my own coma
ansel - i need to kill someone for odin. I didn't want my loved ones to die so I'll someone else's
elijah - it'll be nice to see the sunshine for the first time in a millenia


