---
{"dg-publish":true,"permalink":"/200-299-ttrpg/295-current-games/10-bubble-pop/10-04-game-notes-s2/4-fight-club/"}
---


[[200-299 TTRPG/295 Current Games/10 Bubble Pop/10.04 Game Notes s2/2. Bubble Tea Time\|2. Bubble Tea Time]] -> [[200-299 TTRPG/295 Current Games/10 Bubble Pop/10.04 Game Notes s2/5. The One where Yobi Really Died\|5. The One where Yobi Really Died]]

BP - 4.6 - Fight Club

Fight club starts
- [[200-299 TTRPG/295 Current Games/10 Bubble Pop/10.00 Wiki/Party/Penny\|Penny]] lends Nyx her rapier
- Ansel rents a sword (1GP)
- Yobi rents bow
Skylar rents warhammer

Yobi nat20, nat1. Loses, ferdi wins
Nyx wins
Mark vs Octavia (O wins)
Ansel wins
Penny wins
Skylar wins 
- Teeto (leader of serpents) tries to take a knuckleduster swing at the end.
- Penny shoots him w/ disarming shot
- Skylar knocks him unconscious

Hector vs Jayden (J wins)
Cartoon villan vs happy bandits guy (HP wins)
Skylar vs Penny (P wins)

Octavio vs Ansel
- O sees something on Ansel's armour (paint?) and shuts up
- Fight keeps matching
- Ansel tries a Divine Intervention
-- A change over Ansel's features - rage and darkness around them
-- An slices through the wood of the pickaxe, doesn't look like they'll stop
-- An hearing a dark voice
- Yobi casts Detect Thoughts
-- Pulled into a dark void
--- Ansel sees bald older gentleman (Odin), holding a decorated spear
--- Only emotion present is agression
--- He puts the tip of his spear under Ansel's throat, tips their head back
' You broke our deal. Did you think there are no consequences? I gave you the means of revenge and you gave up?! I seek revenge now.'
--- He picks Ansel up by the throat, stabs him in the stomach.
Odin ' I take payment in blood. Yours, or someone else's, you decide.'
Ansel 'Mine'
Odin 'I thought you'd be smarter. I thought you'd ask what I meant by 'yours''

Yobi beams the image to the rest of the party
- We all feel those waves of heavy agression

Ansel did finish the hit, but Conrad grabbed the sword, intrigued, bleeding from the hand.
An doesn't have any magic - depleted/blocked
- Led to back room by Katy

Ferdi vs Nyx (F wins)
Penny bows out the final
Jayden vs Ferdi (J wins)

We all head to backroom
Y 'uncomplicate it for us'
An 'Back in Middlesborough, that shit led me to breaking my pact with my God. Things weren't the way we thought they were, as you know, and my god got mad.'
An 'But I thought it was okay and not that serious. But push came to shove and now I don't have magic.'
An 'I've been seeing things since I got here. I don't think he's too happy with me being here. He took my eye a year around, around when we joined that group.'

We notice that their eye moves independetly, An not controlling it.

Nyx attempts to call Vicky
- rings, doesn't go through
- she only allows certain ppl through during the workday
Ansel calls, phone rings for ages.
- Finally picked up, muffled, lots of noise, groaning and alarms
- There's a gurgle, she sounds _hurt_.
An 'Vicky. Please.'
V 'Nothing. Suits. Men attack. Not safe. Don't return. I tried getting to them. They're gone. So much blood, I can't, I wish I could move to them. Damien, Lei, Al. They're over there. I can't do anything'
We hear a series of explosions, deep, like Vicky's mutation.

Party sacrifices levels to try and resurrect folks :!?!?!?!?!?!?!?!