---
{"dg-publish":true,"permalink":"/290-299 TTRPG Notes/295 Current Games/13 DnDestiny/13.03 Notes/3. Visions of the Future/"}
---


<< [[290-299 TTRPG Notes/295 Current Games/13 DnDestiny/13.03 Notes/2. Fireteam Fire\|2. Fireteam Fire]] | [[290-299 TTRPG Notes/295 Current Games/13 DnDestiny/13.03 Notes/DnDestiny Journal\|DnDestiny Journal]] | [[290-299 TTRPG Notes/295 Current Games/13 DnDestiny/13.03 Notes/4. Kill and be killed\|4. Kill and be killed]] >>

| Chara    | Kills | Deaths | Assist | Nat 1 | Nat 20 |
| -------- | ----- | ------ | ------ | ----- | ------ |
| Idle-112 | 2     |        |        |       | 1      |
| Grey     |       |        |        |       |        |
| Arthur   | 1     |        |        |       |        |
| Vix      | 1     |        |        |       | 1      | 

Beyond the Veil:
99 - ~~Nat 20~~ / Nat 20

## 2023-05-23

Start investigating
Loot the cave and all the bodies
Ghosts are all broken and damage (not burnt)
Fred isn't here - Amir's ghost

Amir - a Guardian - looked after Vix when she was new

We wake him up
Amir: Hello Vix's friends. This is the second time you've done this, you've got to stop.

Tortured Amir
Kept asking him about 'why did he get picked by the Traveler' and 'where is your ghost'

Asks if there were any larger enemies in here
Nope, no-one was 20ft+
Amir: 'Ah good, she hasn't arrived yet.'

New baron in the area - Paskin
	Wants to get the light for herself

---

We head out, aiming to return to civilisation
Group of eliksni with supplies and a skiff just outside

We start combat - aiming to get the skiff (therefore avoiding the explosive barrels)
Vix steals the final Captain kill.

We all head into the skiff - jumping up onto the back
Vix starts the engines, starts to successfully fly!

---

We get back to the town, radio-ing ahead.
All hop out - tell Betty that we killed the one base, but haven't gotten rid of them all entirely.

Head to the main planning room - map on the wall
Paskin is looking for something, and thinks that its here - something to do with the Light
And she's coming here with a ketch.

In room, Vix can sense 11 beings of light - two unknown people upstairs
She tries to fob us off that there's no-one there
Grey intimidates her into telling us that there's a light-bearer upstairs

Old man from s1 (Owain) comes downstairs, his ghost following him
Man - 'There's a shard of the Traveller here. It's kept us safe here for the last 200 years, as we've grown. It seems to have been stopping the Fallen from finding us, but recently the Light from it is being drained. It could be dying, or whatever, we don't know. '

He walks to a wall and opens a secret door behind a bookcase.
In the centre of a cavern downstairs is the shard: 30m high, 35m across, a white and shining with Light.
Around the cavern, there are trees and flowers and the like growing throughout it.

Owain and some others were looking for the Last City, but had nearly given up on believing that it existed, until they found the Shard.

---

Arthur reaches out and touches it
	flooded with visions
	one of a black cloud, with robotic creatures that he's never seen before
	one of metallic faces, but with flowers and trees around

Arthur just passes out
Sid appears, and just goes 'Really?!'

Vix also touches it
	All abilities come back, and becomes Empowered (aka inspiration)
	has a vision of a pure white eagle trapped within a black cage, failing to escape, before pointing at a red planet and scattered rock in space
	and a vision of an awoken - one she recognises

She turns to the group
Vix : 'We need to find Mara.'

Grey - 'Who?'
Vix: 'My queen. She leads my people.'

Grey and Vix start arguing about whether to go after Mara or finish the job here.
	Traveller vs the people here

Idle also pokes the Shard
	For an instant, Idle-112 remembers *everything* that they've ever forgotten.
	Then it goes again. Along with the last 30 seconds

Arthur starts to wake up.

So she pokes it again and Grey touches it at the same time.
	Both can see another planet, one of volcanoes (Icelandic but far rockier)
	Grey vaguely recognises it
	See these structures sitting in the sky
	Then a flicker of a moon, with claw marks down the side, the marks glowing green
	We can see a Keep, bathed in scarlet.

Grey - 'I saw where I was before. And a really fucked up ball. And a red building, that was nasty as all hell.'

---

We notice that Arthur has gone.
Owain goes up the Shard, touches it, but fails to see anything.

We could take the fight to Paskin, finish the job, then go after Mara
Three of us start planning

Idle thinks - Those that grant you immortality are likely not to be doing it on your behalf, you can trust me on that.

--- 

Arthur over at the tavern, standing on a table, drinking heavily
Everyone mostly just cheering

Then everyone can start to hear something more akin to screams.

Arthur opens the door
	can see people running home, screaming
	away from the front gate

Group in town hall can hear a bell going off
Betty turns to Owain - 'They're here'

---

We all rush to the front gate and are greeted by a full battle.


## Summary