---
{"dg-publish":true,"permalink":"/290-299-ttrpg/295-current-games/11-weeping-city/11-03-notes/22-04-06-all-these-names/"}
---


Hear some laboured breathing from the entrance of Aunelis
- ppl chasing Garlick
- kill them all

Garlick gives us old parchment scrolls, charred at the edges
- handwritten letters and notes (from ~3440)
-- ebbeth [[290-299 TTRPG/295 Current Games/11 Weeping City/11.02 Wiki/003. Houses/Usurped/Auvryath\|auvryath]] MM and ayarda [[290-299 TTRPG/295 Current Games/11 Weeping City/11.02 Wiki/003. Houses/Usurped/Elag\|elag]] MM (mentor and mentee relationship)
- ayada wanted knowledge from dragons
-- suspects lyn wants to overthrow

garlick went home to [[290-299 TTRPG/295 Current Games/11 Weeping City/11.02 Wiki/003. Houses/Usurped/Auvryath\|auvryath]] (the ruined homes)
- found the notes in a false bottom in Lyra's (eldest daughter) desk

eos loots the guards. 10sp & wanted poster for garlick (it's going for 15gp)
- bodies are still reanimating and ghoulish shadows advancing
- eos pats a body on the head and we head out

garlick has a ring that they hide _in_.
everyone disguises, we head to Adona's Curiosities
- looks like shipwreck pieces and misted windows
- shape feels like it's swaying on water
- shopkeeper is a fish w/ legs and draping red robes
- in head we hear 'Greetings, welcome to my store'
- has 'potions of drowning' (renders targets unconscious in a very 'disguisting' way), webbed gauntlets
- we buy communicators and ball of wet seaweed

Fabia holding ball 'I want to make a cloak for garlick'
- cloak forms from the ball, ball doesn't decrease in size
- share out comms

library team - eos as lla'aes
- head to top left of elvila, house [[290-299 TTRPG/295 Current Games/11 Weeping City/11.02 Wiki/003. Houses/Houses/Lirast\|lirast]] (large stone temple, with strangely open plan and large archways)
- most people are students of the wizard school, symbol embroided on the chest
- head into hallway, walls lined with books

eos recognises tall drow - eldest child anora
- arcane symbols across the arches into the library
- young woman behind desk, doesn't notice us
- two robed figures slid two tablets with arcane symbols over to her.
-- one of the archways swirl with white light before revealing a corridor of books
- many many spiders in this library, palm-sized, glowing faintly white
-- same as eyes of lady behind the desk

eos writes a letter, puts mask on
- lady at desk looks uncaring, aloof
- lirast MM is Zilva
- lady at desk 'your signature is not enough. i need something from a member of the ruling council'
- desk lady is high priestess davina (80 years old)
- eos 'who are you?'
-- i've struck a nerve, she looks pained/sad
-- nearly thrown out
- eldest daughter anora walks in. davina bites her tongue. 
- anora gives us access. 'anything for our friends in doghym'
-- we enter the new portal


Sas and garlick head to DarkKeep
- no trouble. rich clientel, but many have glowing weapons and items (a pipe, gloves)
- sas meets Ona (short drow with long silver braid)
- S 'The one i was protecting is dead. I think I fucked up.'

S 'I want info on ppl under ur domain. on elant martel, [[290-299 TTRPG/295 Current Games/11 Weeping City/11.02 Wiki/005. People/Unknown/Kato\|kato]] [[290-299 TTRPG/295 Current Games/11 Weeping City/11.02 Wiki/004. Organisations/Groups/Collectors\|collectors]], and on a number of the high houses.'
O 'kato has successfully taken over the servants. will be here soon to talk to the boss.'
O 'kato meets Elant at the silk house once a month with a big crate. we can only assume its being taken to the Hollows'
- hollows are a tunnel system under the city from Mushroom roots. servants operate through it.

[[290-299 TTRPG/295 Current Games/11 Weeping City/11.02 Wiki/005. People/Unknown/Kato\|kato]] walks in. sas slides 500 gp to ona
s 'look out for dmh sister. have u heard anything about Auneriel?'

Kato has glowing swords. Human has longsword of ice. Short drow with glowing dragon bone pipe.
O 'Auneriel is dead, or not been seen'

Sas slides shalvyl symbol across bar to Kato
both sas and garlick nat 1 stealth to get away
- human woman slams sas against the wall

[[290-299 TTRPG/295 Current Games/11 Weeping City/11.03 Notes/22.03.27 Some Lore\|22.03.27 Some Lore]] -> [[290-299 TTRPG/295 Current Games/11 Weeping City/11.03 Notes/WC Calendar\|WC Calendar]] ->  [[290-299 TTRPG/295 Current Games/11 Weeping City/11.03 Notes/22.04.24 A history of dragons\|22.04.24 A history of dragons]]