---
{"dg-publish":true,"permalink":"/290-299-ttrpg/295-current-games/11-weeping-city/11-03-notes/22-08-25-silk-house-ambush/","dgHomeLink":true,"dgPassFrontmatter":false,"dgShowBacklinks":true,"dgShowLocalGraph":false,"dgShowInlineTitle":true}
---


### sas & eos 

eos as rinar
someone opens tent door above
sas' familiar goes up, invis, sees Ielder (spiderling)
sas sneaks up, closes door, coughs
I: your friend (fabia) ... something is happening at the SIlk House. I've already said too much

sas hits up everyone, martha doesn't respond
eos casts Detect Magic - we are shrouded in divination magic

[AN: why is iel telling us? how does he know?]

### fabia

heads to silk house for collectors meeting
plenty of ppl around, lots of glowing items and weapons
lots of white eye masks, kato is there - looks a lil nice
ulyess to his left, blood hair tiny glasses looking defeated
ona staring into nothing, wheelchair, heavily bandaged

K: collectors! you have been called to witness
U: The collectors would like to formally welcome the Servants as a Thieves guidl, with an immediate partners

collectors start murmuring

k: from now on, we will be working as equals, one guild
pulls out a gold coin, starts doing tricks as collectors grow more outraged

u: please. his word is final
k: anyone who wants out, the door is open
two collectors leave, both decapitated

k: anyone else? no? so glad we get to work together. you will be hearing from me very soon

fabia sees tall masked man, ponytail of white hair, black sclera eyes, staring at fabia
(demon daddy, smthg targeted in the stare, unbridled hatred)

f (to sas): i've received amazing news. do you want to get a drink?
s: we'll make a party of it. we're on our way
Garlick: how do you feel about fire?
F: the place is pretty cold rn

two ppl grab fabia, either side, she yanks away from one, (demon daddy's bodyguards)
taken over to DD
'youre coming with me' - voice is ATTON
taken outside
f: I have 2 questions
a: i don't have time, i'm budy

eos sees the four - nat 20 - recognises them all
sees bone white masked gifure on a rooftop
contacts arnet : containment breach at Silk House

Atton draws The sword (invisible in darkness)
hurts fabia
sas attacks atton (doesn't know who he is)
garlick turns up with four other kobols

a turns, summons echo next to sas
sas recognises him
sas down to 5hp
she walks towards him, pulls out his arm brace 'I've been meaning to give this back to you'
atton feels like he was stabbed in the chest, remembers his death, and his own name
S: I'm sorry i couldn't protect you from her

atton is wearing black cord with stone choker, etched w/ a rune
runic magic is older than arcane
stores immense amount of magic
largely forgotten

(sas got the brace from martha's house where atton's body was)
[AN: or just his armour? who is spying on me? who is atton working for? why did they want fabia? what do the Servants want?]

shadows summoned and begin to emerge
eos sees rune - it means Change
runic magic in the city is within Doghym and Lirast
needs a book to translate
used by fae and others, ancient runes

sas cuts the collar off
releases necromantic energic
a picks up the collar, tries invis
eos counterspells
atton hits eos for 30hp
sas hits atton, he goes down

fabia casts detect magic - necro all around, eos w/ divination

sas : what do i need to do?
eos casts enthrall, tells shadows to take atton's body


[[290-299 TTRPG/295 Current Games/11 Weeping City/11.03 Notes/22.07.05 Making Connections|22.07.05 Making Connections]] -> [[290-299 TTRPG/295 Current Games/11 Weeping City/11.03 Notes/WC Calendar|WC Calendar]] -> [[290-299 TTRPG/295 Current Games/11 Weeping City/11.03 Notes/22.10.21 Secret identities galore|22.10.21 Secret identities galore]]