---
{"dg-publish":true,"permalink":"/290-299 TTRPG Notes/295 Current Games/10 Bubble Pop/10.03 Game Notes s1/1. Starting Times and Lore/"}
---


START -> [[290-299 TTRPG Notes/295 Current Games/10 Bubble Pop/10.03 Game Notes s1/02. First day of school\|02. First day of school]]

Back in 2021, the world erupted into flames as countries turned on each other during what was meant to be peace talks but ended up being the destruction of the world. Rather than keeping cool heads and talking their way through the conflict like good leaders should, some leaders (who remain nameless in the history books, their existence wiped from public eye as penance ~~Trump~~) pushed those small red buttons. 

It is now 2055 and the world has never truly recovered the damage from the nuclear warheads not only killed the vast majority of the world but made the world nearly inhabitable for those who survived. As the world moved on beyond the fallout towards rebuilding and repopulating, they found that some of the individuals who had survived were mutated with special abilities or could now access magic. 

But it wasn’t just the surviving generation that was affected and as the future generations were also randomly mutated as well. In the process of rebuilding, bubble cities were created through the work of a brilliant scientist Dr Edmund Prescott, who many believe to have also been mutated by the fallout with magic abilities in order to have created the habitable cities that now populate our surface. 

The bubble cities such as the one you all call your home are works of magic and science mystery to many with few select individuals informed about the inner workings. A Bubble city is a liveable area where underneath a giant dome shield the large city is protected from the fallout. The secret behind the domes power is only know to the creator and the headmaster of each school.

However, despite these safe haven bubble cities, the world has been ravaged over the past 15 years ever since an underground war broke out onto the surface after the firebombing of Prescott’s family home, with both sides of the war accusing the other side of the death of their most prominent member.

The different sides to the war stand on different principles with two sides split into four factions all wanting control. The pro-mutant mutants who do not trust the pro-mutant humans which as a pro-mutant side are against the anti-mutant humans who do not understand the anti-mutant mutants. 

The war erupted onto the world suddenly, with bubble cities being attacked despite the secrets protecting them being held only by the most trusted and the dead. With the war suddenly starting, everyday citizens were pushed into wartimes without warning or understanding of the situation but quickly adapted as humans do and repurposed fallout suits that had been created for select individuals to go outside of the dome shield and fight outside of the bubble city, trying to stop the onslaught on the bubble cities themselves. 

Despite their attempts to keep the war outside of the Bubble cities, a few bubble cities have been destroyed even though the dome’s secret has been well protected. 

Bubble cities altered their schools from having normal school subject and a few extra-curricular based around mutations to focusing on students ability to fight and sue their mutants should they have them. The schools created teams of students to fight in the war and protect the bubble city in which they reside in. However, the school do not just specialise in those with mutations but rather anyone who is able to and want to join the fight.

# intros

molly - Yobi ( & imgram )
lives in forest
meets a shadowy figure and a person with wilder hair

esme - spoof ( & mr. slurp )
lives in forest
found slurp in a pile of trash

karolina - Skylar
likes reading

old pals
perry- likes to catch stragglers - rogue
gave me detention for being late

jess - Ansel - blacksmith apprentice
owned by Laura and Amiel


# play

VP Madison O'Sullivan talking to us in the intro assembly
no fighting or using weapons in the hallways
not liable for injury

HMWM
initiation : control how your party will be formed
collect item from temple in the middle of the forest

teleported into the middle of the forest

Skylar and Yobi together
fighting a bugbear

Back in school